# gnparser -- parse biodiversity scientific names

## SYNOPSIS

**gnparser** [OPTION...] [TERM/FILE]

## DESCRIPTION

**GNparser** breaks biodiversity scientific names into their structural
elements. For example it finds that a genus in *Homo sapiens* is *Homo*.

It can be used for one name, or for many names in a file (one name per line).

## USAGE

### Usage for one name

    gnparser "Pleurosigma vitrea var. kjellmanii H.Peragallo, 1891"

    # CSV output (default)
    gnparser "Parus major Linnaeus, 1788"
    # or
    gnparser -f csv "Parus major Linnaeus, 1788"

    # TSV output (default)
    gnparser -f tsv "Parus major Linnaeus, 1788"

    # JSON compact format
    gnparser "Parus major Linnaeus, 1788" -f compact

    # pretty format
    gnparser -f pretty "Parus major Linnaeus, 1788"

    # to parse a name from the standard input
    echo "Parus major Linnaeus, 1788" | gnparser

### Usage for many names in a file

There is no flag for parsing a file. If parser finds the given file path on
your computer, it will parse the content of the file, assuming that every line
is a new scientific name. If the file path is not found, gnparser will try to
parse the "path" as a scientific name.

Parsed results will stream to STDOUT, while progress of the parsing will be
directed to STDERR.

    # to parse with 200 parallel processes
    gnparser -j 200 names.txt > names_parsed.csv

    # to parse file with more detailed output
    gnparser names.txt -d -f compact > names_parsed.txt

    # to parse files using pipes
    cat names.txt | gnparser -f csv -j 200 > names_parsed.csv

    # to parse using stream method instead of batch method.
    cat names.txt | gnparser -s > names_parsed.csv

    # to not remove html tags and entities during parsing. You gain a bit of
    # performance with this option if your data does not contain HTML tags or
    # entities.
    gnparser "<i>Pomatomus</i>&nbsp;<i>saltator</i>"
    gnparser -i "<i>Pomatomus</i>&nbsp;<i>saltator</i>"
    gnparser -i "Pomatomus saltator"

## GNPARSER SETTINGS

### -h, --help

Prints help information:

    gnparser -h

### -b, --batch_size (values: positive integers, default 50,000)

Sets a maximum number of names collected into a batch before processing.
This flag is ignored, if parsing is applied to only one name or
if parsing mode is set to streaming with -s flag:

   gnparser -b 100 names.txt

### -c, --capitalize

Capitalizes the first letter of a name-string before parsing:

   gnparser "homo sapiens" -c

### -C, --cultivar

Parses given name/s according to the Code of Cultivar Plants:

   gnparser "Sarracenia flava 'Maxima'" -C
   gnparser "Cytisus purpureus + Laburnum anagyroides" -C

### -D, --diaereses

Preserves diaereses present in names:

    gnparser "Leptochloöpsis virgata" -D

The stemmed canonical name will be generated without diaereses.

### -N, --no-spaced-initials

Removes space between authors' initials:

    gnparser "Schoenoplectus tabernaemontani (C. C. Gmel.) Palla" -N

The normalized authorship will be generated without space between initials.

### -d, --details

Return more details for a parsed name. This flag is ignored for CSV formatting:

    gnparser "Pardosa moesta Banks, 1982" -d -f pretty

### -f, --format

Determines an output format. Can be `compact`, `pretty`, `csv`.
Default is `csv`.

The default `csv` format returns a header row and the CSV-compatible
parsed result:

    gnparser "Pardosa moesta"

The `tsv` format returns a header row and a tab-delimited output:

    gnparser "Pardosa moesta" -f tsv

The `compact` format returns a JSON-encoded result without indentations and
new lines:

    gnparser "Pardosa moesta" -f compact

The `pretty` format returns a JSON-encoded result in a more human-readable
form:

    gnparser "Pardosa moesta" -f pretty

### -i, --ignore_tags

By default `gnparser` scans names for HTML tags and removes them before
parsing. It slows the process slightly. If there are no HTML tags in names
(no names are like `<i>Aus bus<i> L.`, this flag allows to skip HTML removal
step, increasing performance slightly:

    gnparser -i plain-text-names.txt

### -j, --jobs (positive integer, default is a number of CPUs on a machine)

The number of jobs running concurrently. This flag is ignored when parsing
one name:

    gnparser -j 200 names.txt

### -p, --port (port number)

Set a port to run web-interface and RESTful API and starts an HTTP service on
this port:

    gnparser -p 80

### -s, --stream

Changes parsing method for large number of names from `batch` to `stream`.
If this flag is set, gnparser can be used from any language application
using pipe-in/pipe-out methods. Such an approach requires sending 1 name
at a time to gnparser instead of sending names in batches. Streaming allows
to achieve that, but there is a slight decrease in performance:

    gnparser -s names.json

### -u, --unordered

If this flag is on, output and intput order will not be syncronized. If there
is only one parsing job running (`-j` flag), the input and output will be of
the same order even if `-u` flag is given.

    gnparser -u -j 100 names.txt

### -V, --version

Shows the version number of gnparser.


## COPYRIGHT

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2018-2022 Dmitry Mozzherin

## Contributors

Toby Marsden, Geoffrey Ower, Hernan Lucas Pereira
