apparebunt                    apparebu
aquila                        aquil
colluxisset                   colluxisset
deprehendebatur               deprehendebatur
dexisse                       dexiss
ducibus                       duc
ducimus                       ducim
elucidatione                  elucidation
fratre                        fratr
fratrem                       fratr
fratres                       fratr
fratri                        fratr
fratrum                       fratr
legum                         leg
legunt                        legu
libertas                      libert
libertate                     libertat
libertatem                    libertat
libertates                    libertat
libertatis                    libertat
mathematica                   mathematic
mathematici                   mathematic
mathematicum                  mathematic
noblissima                    noblissim
noblissimam                   noblissim
noblissime                    noblissim
noblissimo                    noblissim
noblissimum                   noblissim
portat                        portat
portis                        port
a                             a
ab                            ab
abacta                        abact
abactae                       abact
abactos                       abact
abalienauerant                abalienauera
abalienauit                   abalienauit
abdenda                       abdend
abderites                     abderit
abdicandae                    abdicand
abdicantque                   abdica
abdicare                      abdicar
abdicarent                    abdicare
abdicasse                     abdicass
abdicassent                   abdicasse
abdicasset                    abdicasset
abdicat                       abdicat
abdicauere                    abdicauer
abdicauit                     abdicauit
abdicaverunt                  abdicaueru
abdicavit                     abdicauit
abdico                        abdic
abdidisse                     abdidiss
abditas                       abdit
abditi                        abdit
abditis                       abdit
abdito                        abdit
abditum                       abdit
abducere                      abducer
abducerent                    abducere
abduceret                     abduceret
abductae                      abduct
abductas                      abduct
abducti                       abduct
abductis                      abduct
abducto                       abduct
abductum                      abduct
abducturum                    abductur
abducuntur                    abducuntur
abduxerim                     abduxerim
abduxerunt                    abduxeru
abduxit                       abduxit
abeam                         abe
abegisse                      abegiss
aberant                       abera
aberat                        aberat
aberrant                      aberra
abesse                        abess
abessem                       abess
abessent                      abesse
abesset                       abesset
abest                         abest
abeunt                        abeu
abeuntes                      abeunt
abeuntibus                    abeunt
abeuntis                      abeunt
abeuntium                     abeunti
abhorrebant                   abhorreba
abhorrens                     abhorrens
abhorret                      abhorret
abhorruisse                   abhorruiss
abi                           ab
abibat                        abibat
abici                         abic
abiecta                       abiect
abiectis                      abiect
abiegnae                      abiegn
abiens                        abiens
abiere                        abier
abierit                       abierit
abigi                         abig
abiit                         abiit
abire                         abir
abirent                       abire
abiret                        abiret
abisse                        abiss
abissent                      abisse
abisset                       abisset
abituros                      abitur
abiturum                      abitur
abiturus                      abitur
abiudicati                    abiudicat
ablata                        ablat
ablatum                       ablat
ablegari                      ablegar
ablegatam                     ablegat
ablegavit                     ablegauit
abnuat                        abnuat
abnuente                      abnuent
abnuere                       abnuer
abnuerim                      abnuerim
abnuisset                     abnuisset
abnuit                        abnuit
abnuitur                      abnuitur
abolendi                      abolend
aboleuerat                    aboleuerat
abolevit                      aboleuit
aborigines                    aborigin
aboriginesque                 aborigin
aboriginum                    aborigin
abreptam                      abrept
abrepti                       abrept
abrogare                      abrogar
abrogarentur                  abrogarentur
abrogaret                     abrogaret
abrogaretur                   abrogaretur
abrogatum                     abrogat
abrogetur                     abrogetur
abruptam                      abrupt
abscederent                   abscedere
abscedimus                    abscedim
abscedunt                     abscedu
abscessu                      abscess
abscisa                       abscis
abscisae                      abscis
abscisum                      abscis
absens                        absens
absente                       absent
absentem                      absent
absentes                      absent
absenti                       absent
absentibus                    absent
absentis                      absent
absentiumque                  absenti
absint                        absi
absit                         absit
absolue                       absolu
absoluere                     absoluer
absoluerent                   absoluere
absolueruntque                absolueru
absolui                       absolu
absoluo                       absolu
absolutam                     absolut
absoluti                      absolut
absolverunt                   absolueru
absolvi                       absolu
absonum                       abson
absterrendo                   absterrend
absterrent                    absterre
absterriti                    absterrit
absterso                      absters
abstineant                    abstinea
abstineatur                   abstineatur
abstinebant                   abstineba
abstinebatur                  abstinebatur
abstinens                     abstinens
abstinent                     abstine
abstinere                     abstiner
abstineretur                  abstineretur
abstineri                     abstiner
abstinuere                    abstinuer
abstinuisse                   abstinuiss
abstinuistis                  abstinuist
abstinuit                     abstinuit
abstractum                    abstract
abstracturum                  abstractur
abstraxit                     abstraxit
abstulerit                    abstulerit
abstulit                      abstulit
absumat                       absumat
absumpserant                  absumpsera
absumpsere                    absumpser
absumpsit                     absumpsit
absumpta                      absumpt
absumpti                      absumpt
absumptis                     absumpt
absumptum                     absumpt
absumunt                      absumu
absunt                        absu
absurda                       absurd
absurdiora                    absurdior
absurdius                     absurd
absurdum                      absurd
absyrto                       absyrt
abundabat                     abundabat
abundans                      abundans
abundant                      abunda
abundante                     abundant
abundantem                    abundant
abundantiam                   abundanti
abundarent                    abundare
abundasset                    abundasset
abunde                        abund
abutebanturque                abutebantur
abuteris                      abuter
abuti                         abut
abutimur                      abutimur
ac                            ac
academia                      academ
academiae                     academi
academiam                     academi
academici                     academic
academicis                    academic
academico                     academic
academicorum                  academicor
academicum                    academic
acantho                       acanth
acarnania                     acarnan
accedat                       accedat
accedebant                    accedeba
accedebat                     accedebat
accedens                      accedens
accedentes                    accedent
accedere                      acceder
accederent                    accedere
accedis                       acced
accedit                       accedit
accedunt                      accedu
accelerat                     accelerat
accendamus                    accendam
accendebantur                 accendebantur
accenderat                    accenderat
accendi                       accend
accendisset                   accendisset
accendit                      accendit
accendunt                     accendu
accensa                       accens
accensaque                    accens
accensi                       accens
accensis                      accens
accenso                       accens
accensum                      accens
accensus                      accens
acceperant                    accepera
acceperat                     acceperat
accepere                      acceper
acceperint                    acceperi
acceperis                     acceper
acceperit                     acceperit
acceperunt                    acceperu
accepi                        accep
accepimus                     accepim
accepisse                     accepiss
accepissem                    accepiss
accepissent                   accepisse
accepisset                    accepisset
accepit                       accepit
accepta                       accept
acceptae                      accept
acceptam                      accept
acceptas                      accept
accepti                       accept
acceptior                     acceptior
acceptis                      accept
acceptissima                  acceptissim
acceptissimus                 acceptissim
accepto                       accept
acceptos                      accept
acceptum                      accept
accepturum                    acceptur
acceptus                      accept
accesserant                   accessera
accesserat                    accesserat
accessere                     accesser
accesserint                   accesseri
accesserit                    accesserit
accessio                      accessi
accessit                      accessit
accessum                      access
accessurum                    accessur
accessus                      access
accidant                      accida
accidat                       accidat
accidebant                    accideba
accidebat                     accidebat
acciderant                    accidera
acciderat                     acciderat
accidere                      accider
acciderent                    accidere
accideret                     accideret
acciderit                     acciderit
accidisse                     accidiss
accidissent                   accidisse
accidisset                    accidisset
accidit                       accidit
accingere                     accinger
accingeris                    accinger
accingi                       accing
accipe                        accip
accipere                      acciper
acciperent                    accipere
acciperet                     acciperet
accipi                        accip
accipiant                     accipia
accipiantur                   accipiantur
accipias                      accipi
accipiat                      accipiat
accipiebant                   accipieba
accipiebantur                 accipiebantur
accipiebat                    accipiebat
accipienda                    accipiend
accipiendae                   accipiend
accipiendam                   accipiend
accipiendas                   accipiend
accipiendi                    accipiend
accipiendis                   accipiend
accipiendum                   accipiend
accipimus                     accipim
accipio                       accipi
accipit                       accipit
accipite                      accipit
accipitres                    accipitr
accipiunt                     accipiu
accipiuntur                   accipiuntur
acciri                        accir
acciti                        accit
accitis                       accit
accito                        accit
accitos                       accit
accitum                       accit
accitus                       accit
acciuerant                    acciuera
accium                        acci
accius                        acc
acclinaturos                  acclinatur
accola                        accol
accolae                       accol
accolas                       accol
accolis                       accol
accolunt                      accolu
accommodabat                  accommodabat
accommodare                   accommodar
accommodatum                  accommodat
accommodem                    accommod
accubitio                     accubiti
accurate                      accurat
accuratiorem                  accuratior
accuratius                    accurat
accurrit                      accurrit
accusabant                    accusaba
accusandis                    accusand
accusando                     accusand
accusante                     accusant
accusantem                    accusant
accusantes                    accusant
accusare                      accusar
accusat                       accusat
accusatione                   accusation
accusationem                  accusation
accusator                     accusator
accusatorem                   accusator
accusatorio                   accusatori
accuset                       accuset
acer                          acer
acerba                        acerb
acerbae                       acerb
acerbe                        acerb
acerbis                       acerb
acerbissime                   acerbissim
acerbissimeque                acerbissim
acerbitate                    acerbitat
acerbitatem                   acerbitat
acerbitatis                   acerbitat
acerbius                      acerb
acerbo                        acerb
acerbos                       acerb
acerbum                       acerb
acerrime                      acerrim
acerrimi                      acerrim
acerrimo                      acerrim
acerrimum                     acerrim
acerrimus                     acerrim
acerrumo                      acerrum
aceruatarum                   aceruatar
aceruatos                     aceruat
aceruos                       aceru
aceruum                       aceru
achaia                        acha
achaiae                       achai
achaiam                       achai
achaicae                      achaic
acheron                       acheron
achilla                       achill
achillae                      achill
achillam                      achill
achillas                      achill
achillem                      achill
achilli                       achill
achiuos                       achiu
acie                          aci
aciei                         acie
aciem                         aci
aciemque                      aci
acieque                       aci
acies                         aci
aciesque                      aci
acilio                        acili
acilius                       acil
acre                          acr
acres                         acr
acri                          acr
acrior                        acrior
acriora                       acrior
acriorem                      acrior
acriter                       acriter
acrius                        acr
acta                          act
actae                         act
actam                         act
acti                          act
actiacum                      actiac
actio                         acti
actione                       action
actionem                      action
actiones                      action
actioni                       action
actionibus                    action
actionum                      action
actis                         act
acto                          act
actuaria                      actuar
actuarias                     actuari
actuariis                     actuari
actum                         act
actumque                      act
actura                        actur
acturi                        actur
acturos                       actur
acturum                       actur
actus                         act
acumen                        acumen
acumine                       acumin
acuminibus                    acumin
acuta                         acut
acute                         acut
acutiora                      acutior
acutissumis                   acutissum
acutius                       acut
acutulas                      acutul
acutum                        acut
acutus                        acut
ad                            ad
adacti                        adact
adaequare                     adaequar
adaequat                      adaequat
adaperto                      adapert
adaugere                      adauger
adbucilli                     adbucill
adcelera                      adceler
adcelerare                    adcelerar
adcelerari                    adcelerar
adclarassis                   adclarass
adcommodatas                  adcommodat
adcresceret                   adcresceret
adde                          add
addebant                      addeba
addebantur                    addebantur
addebat                       addebat
addebatur                     addebatur
addere                        adder
adderent                      addere
adderentur                    adderentur
adderetur                     adderetur
addicebat                     addicebat
addictum                      addict
addiderat                     addiderat
addiderunt                    addideru
addidimus                     addidim
addidit                       addidit
addit                         addit
addita                        addit
additae                       addit
additaque                     addit
additas                       addit
additi                        addit
additis                       addit
addito                        addit
additos                       addit
additum                       addit
additur                       additur
additurum                     additur
additus                       addit
addixere                      addixer
addixissent                   addixisse
addixisset                    addixisset
addo                          add
addubitare                    addubitar
addubitatum                   addubitat
adducere                      adducer
adducerent                    adducere
adduci                        adduc
adducit                       adducit
adducitur                     adducitur
adducor                       adducor
adductae                      adduct
adducti                       adduct
adductisque                   adduct
adductos                      adduct
adductosque                   adduct
adductum                      adduct
adductus                      adduct
adducunt                      adducu
addunt                        addu
adduxerant                    adduxera
adduxerat                     adduxerat
adduxit                       adduxit
adegit                        adegit
ademerat                      ademerat
ademisse                      ademiss
ademisset                     ademisset
ademistis                     ademist
ademit                        ademit
adempta                       adempt
ademptae                      adempt
ademptam                      adempt
ademptum                      adempt
adempturum                    ademptur
ademptus                      adempt
adeo                          ade
adeone                        adeon
adeoque                       ade
adepta                        adept
adepti                        adept
adeptus                       adept
adequitando                   adequitand
aderant                       adera
aderat                        aderat
aderunt                       aderu
adesis                        ades
adesse                        adess
adessent                      adesse
adesset                       adesset
adest                         adest
adeste                        adest
adeundae                      adeund
adeundi                       adeund
adeundis                      adeund
adeunt                        adeu
adfatim                       adfatim
adfecere                      adfecer
adfecissent                   adfecisse
adfecta                       adfect
adfectae                      adfect
adfectam                      adfect
adfectandi                    adfectand
adfectantes                   adfectant
adfectare                     adfectar
adfectet                      adfectet
adfecti                       adfect
adfectum                      adfect
adferam                       adfer
adferant                      adfera
adferantur                    adferantur
adferat                       adferat
adferatis                     adferat
adferebas                     adfereb
adferebat                     adferebat
adferebatur                   adferebatur
adferentes                    adferent
adferetur                     adferetur
adferre                       adferr
adferrentur                   adferrentur
adferret                      adferret
adferri                       adferr
adfers                        adfers
adfert                        adfert
adfertur                      adfertur
adferunt                      adferu
adficere                      adficer
adficit                       adficit
adfigunt                      adfigu
adfinibus                     adfin
adfinitatem                   adfinitat
adfinitates                   adfinitat
adfinitatibus                 adfinitat
adfinitatis                   adfinitat
adfinxit                      adfinxit
adfirmabat                    adfirmabat
adfirmant                     adfirma
adfirmante                    adfirmant
adfirmantes                   adfirmant
adfirmantibus                 adfirmant
adfirmantis                   adfirmant
adfirmare                     adfirmar
adfirmarent                   adfirmare
adfirmari                     adfirmar
adfirmassent                  adfirmasse
adfirmat                      adfirmat
adfirmet                      adfirmet
adfixi                        adfix
adfixit                       adfixit
adfixum                       adfix
adflatu                       adflat
adflictae                     adflict
adflictam                     adflict
adflictas                     adflict
adflictis                     adflict
adflictos                     adflict
adflixissent                  adflixisse
adfuerant                     adfuera
adfuere                       adfuer
adfuisse                      adfuiss
adfuisset                     adfuisset
adfuit                        adfuit
adfuturum                     adfutur
adgrauatae                    adgrauat
adgrederentur                 adgrederentur
adgredi                       adgred
adgrediantur                  adgrediantur
adgrediar                     adgrediar
adgredior                     adgredior
adgreditur                    adgreditur
adgrediturque                 adgreditur
adgrediuntur                  adgrediuntur
adgressa                      adgress
adgressi                      adgress
adgressum                     adgress
adgressuros                   adgressur
adgressurum                   adgressur
adgressus                     adgress
adhaerebant                   adhaereba
adhaerent                     adhaere
adhaeresceret                 adhaeresceret
adhaeserant                   adhaesera
adhibeamus                    adhibeam
adhibeantur                   adhibeantur
adhibeatur                    adhibeatur
adhibebimus                   adhibebim
adhibebis                     adhibeb
adhibemus                     adhibem
adhibenda                     adhibend
adhibendo                     adhibend
adhibere                      adhiber
adhiberentur                  adhiberentur
adhiberet                     adhiberet
adhiberetur                   adhiberetur
adhiberi                      adhiber
adhibet                       adhibet
adhibetur                     adhibetur
adhibita                      adhibit
adhibitam                     adhibit
adhibitis                     adhibit
adhibito                      adhibit
adhibuisse                    adhibuiss
adhibuisset                   adhibuisset
adhortando                    adhortand
adhortantem                   adhortant
adhortantes                   adhortant
adhortantium                  adhortanti
adhortarentur                 adhortarentur
adhortatio                    adhortati
adhortationes                 adhortation
adhortationibus               adhortation
adhortator                    adhortator
adhortatur                    adhortatur
adhortatus                    adhortat
adhortor                      adhortor
adhuc                         adhuc
adiacet                       adiacet
adibat                        adibat
adicere                       adicer
adicerent                     adicere
adiceret                      adiceret
adiceretur                    adiceretur
adiciebat                     adiciebat
adiciendae                    adiciend
adicit                        adicit
adiciunt                      adiciu
adiecerant                    adiecera
adiecerat                     adiecerat
adiecisset                    adiecisset
adiecit                       adiecit
adiecta                       adiect
adiectae                      adiect
adiecti                       adiect
adiectione                    adiection
adiectis                      adiect
adiectum                      adiect
adierunt                      adieru
adigebat                      adigebat
adiges                        adig
adigi                         adig
adigit                        adigit
adiit                         adiit
adimant                       adima
adimendoque                   adimend
adimi                         adim
adimit                        adimit
adimus                        adim
adipiscamur                   adipiscamur
adipiscendi                   adipiscend
adipisci                      adipisc
adire                         adir
adirent                       adire
adiret                        adiret
adiri                         adir
adissent                      adisse
adit                          adit
aditi                         adit
aditu                         adit
aditum                        adit
aditumque                     adit
aditus                        adit
aditusque                     adit
adiudicaret                   adiudicaret
adiumentum                    adiument
adiuncta                      adiunct
adiunctam                     adiunct
adiunctis                     adiunct
adiunctum                     adiunct
adiunctus                     adiunct
adiungens                     adiungens
adiungeret                    adiungeret
adiungi                       adiung
adiungimus                    adiungim
adiungis                      adiung
adiungit                      adiungit
adiungitur                    adiungitur
adiunxisse                    adiunxiss
adiunxit                      adiunxit
adiutam                       adiut
adiuti                        adiut
adiutis                       adiut
adiutor                       adiutor
adiutore                      adiutor
adiutorem                     adiutor
adiutores                     adiutor
adiutorque                    adiutor
adiutricem                    adiutric
adiutum                       adiut
adiuuabant                    adiuuaba
adiuuabat                     adiuuabat
adiuuant                      adiuua
adiuuante                     adiuuant
adiuuantibus                  adiuuant
adiuuarent                    adiuuare
adiuuari                      adiuuar
adiuuat                       adiuuat
adiuuere                      adiuuer
adiuuit                       adiuuit
adiuvabat                     adiuuabat
adiuvantur                    adiuuantur
adiuvat                       adiuuat
adiuvatur                     adiuuatur
adloqui                       adloqu
adloquio                      adloqui
adloquitur                    adloquitur
adminicula                    adminicul
adminiculis                   adminicul
administrabant                administraba
administrabat                 administrabat
administrabatur               administrabatur
administrandam                administrand
administrandi                 administrand
administrantibus              administrant
administrantur                administrantur
administrare                  administrar
administrari                  administrar
administrarique               administrar
administrat                   administrat
administrata                  administrat
administratio                 administrati
administratione               administration
administrationem              administration
administrationesque           administration
administratur                 administratur
administraturum               administratur
administravit                 administrauit
administrent                  administre
admirabatur                   admirabatur
admirabile                    admirabil
admirabilem                   admirabil
admirabiles                   admirabil
admirabili                    admirabil
admirabilia                   admirabil
admirabilior                  admirabilior
admirabilis                   admirabil
admirabilitas                 admirabilit
admirabiliter                 admirabiliter
admirabilius                  admirabil
admirabor                     admirabor
admirandum                    admirand
admirans                      admirans
admiransque                   admirans
admirantium                   admiranti
admirantur                    admirantur
admirari                      admirar
admirati                      admirat
admiratio                     admirati
admiratione                   admiration
admirationem                  admiration
admiratum                     admirat
admiratus                     admirat
admiscente                    admiscent
admiscerenturne               admiscerenturn
admisceri                     admiscer
admiscetur                    admiscetur
admiscuerat                   admiscuerat
admiscuit                     admiscuit
admisissent                   admisisse
admisit                       admisit
admissis                      admiss
admissum                      admiss
admittant                     admitta
admittatur                    admittatur
admitterent                   admittere
admitti                       admitt
admittimur                    admittimur
admittitur                    admittitur
admixta                       admixt
admixtione                    admixtion
admixtis                      admixt
admixto                       admixt
admixtum                      admixt
admixtus                      admixt
admodum                       admod
admoneat                      admoneat
admonebat                     admonebat
admonemur                     admonemur
admonemus                     admonem
admonendi                     admonend
admonentemque                 admonent
admoneo                       admone
admonere                      admoner
admonet                       admonet
admoniti                      admonit
admonitu                      admonit
admoniturum                   admonitur
admonuerunt                   admonueru
admonuit                      admonuit
admoti                        admot
admotione                     admotion
admotis                       admot
admouentes                    admouent
admouere                      admouer
admovendi                     admouend
admovent                      admoue
admovet                       admouet
adnare                        adnar
adnectitur                    adnectitur
adnisi                        adnis
adnisurum                     adnisur
adnisurus                     adnisur
adnuentibus                   adnuent
adnuere                       adnuer
adnuisse                      adnuiss
adoleverit                    adoleuerit
adolevit                      adoleuit
adonidi                       adonid
adoperto                      adopert
adoriatur                     adoriatur
adorirentur                   adorirentur
adoriretur                    adoriretur
adoriri                       adorir
adoriundi                     adoriund
adoriuntur                    adoriuntur
adornabat                     adornabat
adornavit                     adornauit
adorta                        adort
adortae                       adort
adorti                        adort
adortos                       adort
adortum                       adort
adortus                       adort
adortusque                    adort
adpellebat                    adpellebat
adpenso                       adpens
adpetant                      adpeta
adpetebant                    adpeteba
adpetens                      adpetens
adpetit                       adpetit
adpetitio                     adpetiti
adpetitiones                  adpetition
adpetitu                      adpetit
adpetitum                     adpetit
adpetitus                     adpetit
adpetunt                      adpetu
adpetuntur                    adpetuntur
adprehendentes                adprehendent
adprehendunt                  adprehendu
adprobant                     adproba
adprobante                    adprobant
adprobantibus                 adprobant
adprobantium                  adprobanti
adprobassent                  adprobasse
adprobauit                    adprobauit
adproperatum                  adproperat
adpropinquare                 adpropinquar
adpropinquaret                adpropinquaret
adpropinquat                  adpropinquat
adpulsu                       adpuls
adpulsus                      adpuls
adquiescere                   adquiescer
adquiesceret                  adquiesceret
adquiratur                    adquiratur
adquirerentur                 adquirerentur
adriaticum                    adriatic
adridens                      adridens
adriseris                     adriser
adrogantiae                   adroganti
adrogantiam                   adroganti
adrogantis                    adrogant
adrumetum                     adrumet
adscendens                    adscendens
adscensum                     adscens
adsciscendo                   adsciscend
adscituram                    adscitur
adsciuerunt                   adsciueru
adscivissent                  adsciuisse
adscripticios                 adscriptici
adseculae                     adsecul
adsecutus                     adsecut
adsensi                       adsens
adsensionem                   adsension
adsensu                       adsens
adsensus                      adsens
adsentatores                  adsentator
adsentiar                     adsentiar
adsentiebantur                adsentiebantur
adsentiendi                   adsentiend
adsentiendo                   adsentiend
adsentior                     adsentior
adsentire                     adsentir
adsequamur                    adsequamur
adsequantur                   adsequantur
adsequi                       adsequ
adsequitur                    adsequitur
adserantur                    adserantur
adsereret                     adsereret
adsertor                      adsertor
adsertorem                    adsertor
adseruandos                   adseruand
adseruaturus                  adseruatur
adservari                     adseruar
adservent                     adserue
adseverant                    adseuera
adsidua                       adsidu
adsiduae                      adsidu
adsidue                       adsidu
adsiduis                      adsidu
adsiduitate                   adsiduitat
adsiduo                       adsidu
adsiduum                      adsidu
adsiduus                      adsidu
adsignando                    adsignand
adsignaretur                  adsignaretur
adsignari                     adsignar
adsignat                      adsignat
adsignata                     adsignat
adsignati                     adsignat
adsignatumue                  adsignatumu
adsignaturos                  adsignatur
adsignatus                    adsignat
adsignentur                   adsignentur
adsimilis                     adsimil
adsint                        adsi
adsitis                       adsit
adsolent                      adsole
adsolet                       adsolet
adspirantes                   adspirant
adspirare                     adspirar
adspiratione                  adspiration
adstante                      adstant
adstitissem                   adstitiss
adstitisset                   adstitisset
adstrictum                    adstrict
adstringitur                  adstringitur
adstruxerunt                  adstruxeru
adsuefaciant                  adsuefacia
adsuefacta                    adsuefact
adsuefecerat                  adsuefecerat
adsuescere                    adsuescer
adsuescitur                   adsuescitur
adsuescunt                    adsuescu
adsuesse                      adsuess
adsuestis                     adsuest
adsueta                       adsuet
adsueti                       adsuet
adsueuerat                    adsueuerat
adsumere                      adsumer
adsumi                        adsum
adsumpti                      adsumpt
adsumptis                     adsumpt
adsumptum                     adsumpt
adsumunt                      adsumu
adsunt                        adsu
adsurgentem                   adsurgent
adsurrexisse                  adsurrexiss
adtenderis                    adtender
adtendis                      adtend
adtingit                      adtingit
adtribuimusque                adtribuim
aduecta                       aduect
aduecto                       aduect
aduectus                      aduect
aduenarum                     aduenar
aduenas                       aduen
adueniens                     adueniens
aduenientes                   aduenient
aduenienti                    aduenient
aduenientibus                 aduenient
aduenisse                     adueniss
aduentant                     aduenta
aduentante                    aduentant
aduentare                     aduentar
aduentu                       aduent
aduentum                      aduent
aduentus                      aduent
aduersa                       aduers
aduersae                      aduers
aduersando                    aduersand
aduersante                    aduersant
aduersantibus                 aduersant
aduersarentur                 aduersarentur
aduersarii                    aduersar
aduersariis                   aduersari
aduersario                    aduersari
aduersariorum                 aduersarior
aduersarios                   aduersari
aduersarium                   aduersari
aduersarius                   aduersar
aduersas                      aduers
aduersi                       aduers
aduerso                       aduers
aduersos                      aduers
aduersus                      aduers
adulatio                      adulati
adulatos                      adulat
adulescens                    adulescens
adulescente                   adulescent
adulescentem                  adulescent
adulescentes                  adulescent
adulescentia                  adulescent
adulescentiae                 adulescenti
adulescentibus                adulescent
adulescentis                  adulescent
adulescentium                 adulescenti
adulescentulis                adulescentul
adulescentulo                 adulescentul
adultae                       adult
adultam                       adult
adulteria                     adulter
adulterio                     adulteri
adultero                      adulter
adunca                        adunc
aduncitate                    aduncitat
aduncum                       adunc
aduocaret                     aduocaret
aduocata                      aduocat
aduocataque                   aduocat
aduocati                      aduocat
aduocatione                   aduocation
aduocatis                     aduocat
aduocatorum                   aduocator
aduocauerunt                  aduocaueru
aduolant                      aduola
aduolat                       aduolat
advectum                      aduect
advena                        aduen
advenam                       aduen
advenarum                     aduenar
advenas                       aduen
advenerat                     aduenerat
adveniens                     adueniens
advenis                       aduen
advenisse                     adueniss
advenit                       aduenit
adventare                     aduentar
adventicius                   aduentic
adventu                       aduent
adventum                      aduent
adventus                      aduent
adversa                       aduers
adversae                      aduers
adversamve                    aduersamu
adversante                    aduersant
adversarentur                 aduersarentur
adversaria                    aduersar
adversariis                   aduersari
adversariorum                 aduersarior
adversarios                   aduersari
adversarum                    aduersar
adversas                      aduers
adversatus                    aduersat
adversi                       aduers
adversis                      aduers
adversissimi                  aduersissim
adverso                       aduers
adversum                      aduers
adversus                      aduers
adverterent                   aduertere
adverterunt                   aduerteru
advertissent                  aduertisse
advesperascit                 aduesperascit
advexerat                     aduexerat
advocat                       aduocat
advocata                      aduocat
advocatam                     aduocat
advocato                      aduocat
advocatur                     aduocatur
advocaverat                   aduocauerat
advocavit                     aduocauit
advolantem                    aduolant
advolat                       aduolat
advolaturam                   aduolatur
advolavit                     aduolauit
adyta                         adyt
aebutio                       aebuti
aebutium                      aebuti
aebutius                      aebut
aeceperant                    aecepera
aecum                         aec
aede                          aed
aedem                         aed
aedemque                      aed
aedes                         aed
aedibus                       aed
aedificabat                   aedificabat
aedificanda                   aedificand
aedificandam                  aedificand
aedificando                   aedificand
aedificandum                  aedificand
aedificant                    aedifica
aedificare                    aedificar
aedificari                    aedificar
aedificarunt                  aedificaru
aedificata                    aedificat
aedificatam                   aedificat
aedificationem                aedification
aedificatoremque              aedificator
aedificatores                 aedificator
aedificatum                   aedificat
aedificatur                   aedificatur
aedificent                    aedifice
aedificia                     aedific
aedificii                     aedific
aedificiis                    aedifici
aedificio                     aedifici
aedile                        aedil
aedilem                       aedil
aediles                       aedil
aedilibus                     aedil
aedilis                       aedil
aedilitate                    aedilitat
aedilium                      aedili
aedis                         aed
aedium                        aedi
aeeta                         aeet
aeetam                        aeet
aeger                         aeger
aegerrime                     aegerrim
aegialeus                     aegiale
aeginium                      aegini
aegisthi                      aegisth
aegra                         aegr
aegram                        aegr
aegras                        aegr
aegre                         aegr
aegreque                      aegr
aegri                         aegr
aegris                        aegr
aegritudinem                  aegritudin
aegritudinemque               aegritudin
aegritudines                  aegritudin
aegritudo                     aegritud
aegrius                       aegr
aegro                         aegr
aegrorum                      aegror
aegros                        aegr
aegrotis                      aegrot
aegrotum                      aegrot
aegypti                       aegypt
aegyptiae                     aegypti
aegyptii                      aegypt
aegyptiis                     aegypti
aegyptio                      aegypti
aegyptiorum                   aegyptior
aegyptiorumque                aegyptior
aegyptius                     aegypt
aegypto                       aegypt
aegyptum                      aegypt
aegyptumque                   aegypt
aelius                        ael
aemili                        aemil
aemilio                       aemili
aemilium                      aemili
aemilius                      aemil
aemulandum                    aemuland
aemulantium                   aemulanti
aemulatio                     aemulati
aenea                         aene
aeneae                        aene
aeneam                        aene
aeneas                        aene
aeneum                        aene
aequa                         aequ
aequabat                      aequabat
aequabilem                    aequabil
aequabiles                    aequabil
aequabili                     aequabil
aequabilitas                  aequabilit
aequabilitatem                aequabilitat
aequabiliter                  aequabiliter
aequae                        aequ
aequales                      aequal
aequalia                      aequal
aequalibus                    aequal
aequaliter                    aequaliter
aequam                        aequ
aequandae                     aequand
aequandarum                   aequandar
aequandi                      aequand
aequando                      aequand
aequantes                     aequant
aequari                       aequar
aequasse                      aequass
aequassent                    aequasse
aequasset                     aequasset
aequata                       aequat
aequatas                      aequat
aequatis                      aequat
aequato                       aequat
aequatus                      aequat
aequavit                      aequauit
aeque                         ae
aequi                         aequ
aequiculis                    aequicul
aequicum                      aequic
aequicumque                   aequic
aequilibritatem               aequilibritat
aequimaelium                  aequimaeli
aequine                       aequin
aequiore                      aequior
aequiperatum                  aequiperat
aequique                      aequ
aequis                        aequ
aequisque                     aequ
aequitas                      aequit
aequitate                     aequitat
aequitatem                    aequitat
aequitatemque                 aequitat
aequo                         aequ
aequorum                      aequor
aequorumque                   aequor
aequos                        aequ
aequosque                     aequ
aequum                        aequ
aer                           aer
aera                          aer
aeraque                       aer
aerarii                       aerar
aerario                       aerari
aerarium                      aerari
aeratae                       aerat
aere                          aer
aeri                          aer
aeris                         aer
aes                           aes
aesculapi                     aesculap
aesculapio                    aesculapi
aesculapiorum                 aesculapior
aesculapium                   aesculapi
aesculapius                   aesculap
aesim                         aesim
aestas                        aest
aestate                       aestat
aestatem                      aestat
aestates                      aestat
aestati                       aestat
aestatis                      aestat
aestibus                      aest
aestimabant                   aestimaba
aestimandast                  aestimandast
aestimans                     aestimans
aestimare                     aestimar
aestimari                     aestimar
aestimasset                   aestimasset
aestimatione                  aestimation
aestimationem                 aestimation
aestimationes                 aestimation
aestimatoque                  aestimat
aestimatum                    aestimat
aestimaverunt                 aestimaueru
aestiuas                      aestiu
aestu                         aest
aestus                        aest
aetas                         aet
aetate                        aetat
aetatem                       aetat
aetates                       aetat
aetati                        aetat
aetatibus                     aetat
aetatibusque                  aetat
aetatis                       aetat
aetatium                      aetati
aeterna                       aetern
aeternae                      aetern
aeternam                      aetern
aeternas                      aetern
aeterne                       aetern
aeterni                       aetern
aeternique                    aetern
aeternis                      aetern
aeternitas                    aeternit
aeternitate                   aeternitat
aeterno                       aetern
aeternos                      aetern
aeternum                      aetern
aeternumque                   aetern
aeternus                      aetern
aether                        aether
aethera                       aether
aethere                       aether
aetheria                      aether
aetheriam                     aetheri
aetheriamque                  aetheri
aetheriis                     aetheri
aetherios                     aetheri
aetheris                      aether
aetherium                     aetheri
aetnaeorum                    aetnaeor
aetolia                       aetol
aetoliam                      aetoli
aetoliaque                    aetol
aetolorum                     aetolor
affectae                      affect
affectos                      affect
affectus                      affect
afferebant                    affereba
afferebat                     afferebat
afferre                       afferr
affingebat                    affingebat
affinitate                    affinitat
affinitatis                   affinitat
afflixit                      afflixit
affluentius                   affluent
affore                        affor
afluant                       aflua
afrani                        afran
afraniana                     afranian
afraniani                     afranian
afranianis                    afranian
afranianos                    afranian
afranii                       afran
afranio                       afrani
afranium                      afrani
afranius                      afran
africa                        afric
africam                       afric
africani                      african
africanum                     african
africanus                     african
africi                        afric
africo                        afric
africum                       afric
afris                         afr
afuerat                       afuerat
afuerit                       afuerit
afuissent                     afuisse
afuisset                      afuisset
afuit                         afuit
agam                          ag
agamemnoni                    agamemnon
agamus                        agam
agant                         aga
agas                          ag
agat                          agat
agatur                        agatur
age                           ag
agebamus                      agebam
agebant                       ageba
agebantur                     agebantur
agebat                        agebat
agebatur                      agebatur
agedum                        aged
agellos                       agell
agellus                       agell
agemus                        agem
agenda                        agend
agendae                       agend
agendam                       agend
agendi                        agend
agendo                        agend
agendum                       agend
agens                         agens
agente                        agent
agentem                       agent
agentes                       agent
agenti                        agent
agentibus                     agent
agentis                       agent
agentium                      agenti
ager                          ager
agere                         ager
agerent                       agere
agerentur                     agerentur
ageret                        ageret
ageretis                      ageret
ageretque                     ageret
ageretur                      ageretur
agerque                       ager
agger                         agger
aggere                        agger
aggerem                       agger
aggeremque                    agger
aggeres                       agger
aggeri                        agger
aggerrem                      aggerr
aggesserat                    aggesserat
aggrederentur                 aggrederentur
aggrederetur                  aggrederetur
aggreditur                    aggreditur
aggrediuntur                  aggrediuntur
aggressi                      aggress
aggressus                     aggress
agi                           ag
agimus                        agim
agique                        ag
agit                          agit
agitabat                      agitabat
agitandoque                   agitand
agitante                      agitant
agitantes                     agitant
agitanti                      agitant
agitantibus                   agitant
agitantis                     agitant
agitare                       agitar
agitarent                     agitare
agitari                       agitar
agitata                       agitat
agitatione                    agitation
agitationem                   agitation
agitatioque                   agitati
agitatum                      agitat
agitatumque                   agitat
agitatur                      agitatur
agitatus                      agitat
agitaui                       agitau
agite                         agit
agitedum                      agited
agitet                        agitet
agitetur                      agitetur
agiteturque                   agitetur
agitis                        agit
agitur                        agitur
agmen                         agmen
agmine                        agmin
agmini                        agmin
agminibus                     agmin
agminis                       agmin
agnoscere                     agnoscer
agnoscerem                    agnoscer
agnosceret                    agnosceret
agnosci                       agnosc
agnouere                      agnouer
agnum                         agn
agraria                       agrar
agrariae                      agrari
agrariam                      agrari
agrarii                       agrar
agrariis                      agrari
agrestem                      agrest
agrestes                      agrest
agrestesque                   agrest
agresti                       agrest
agrestibus                    agrest
agrestibusque                 agrest
agrestium                     agresti
agrestiumque                  agresti
agri                          agr
agripeta                      agripet
agrippa                       agripp
agrippae                      agripp
agrippam                      agripp
agris                         agr
agrisque                      agr
agro                          agr
agrorum                       agror
agrorumque                    agror
agros                         agr
agrosque                      agr
agrum                         agr
agrumque                      agr
agunt                         agu
aguntur                       aguntur
ahala                         ahal
ahalae                        ahal
ahalam                        ahal
ahenobarbum                   ahenobarb
aiebant                       aieba
aiebas                        aieb
aiebat                        aiebat
aio                           ai
ais                           ais
ait                           ait
aiunt                         aiu
ala                           al
alabandenses                  alabandens
alabandis                     alaband
alabandum                     alaband
alabandus                     alaband
alacres                       alacr
alacriores                    alacrior
alacritas                     alacrit
alacritasque                  alacrit
alacritate                    alacritat
alacritatemque                alacritat
alantur                       alantur
alariae                       alari
alariarum                     alariar
alarias                       alari
alarumque                     alar
alat                          alat
alatur                        alatur
alba                          alb
albae                         alb
albam                         alb
albana                        alban
albanam                       alban
albani                        alban
albanique                     alban
albanis                       alban
albaniue                      albaniu
albano                        alban
albanorum                     albanor
albanos                       alban
albanum                       alban
albanus                       alban
albente                       albent
albi                          alb
albici                        albic
albicorum                     albicor
albicos                       albic
albinius                      albin
albinus                       albin
albis                         alb
albo                          alb
albucium                      albuci
albula                        albul
albulae                       albul
album                         alb
albus                         alb
alcaeum                       alcae
alcamenes                     alcamen
alcmaeo                       alcmae
alcmena                       alcmen
alco                          alc
aleam                         ale
alebantur                     alebantur
alendo                        alend
alenus                        alen
alere                         aler
alerent                       alere
aleret                        aleret
ales                          al
alesiam                       alesi
alexander                     alexander
alexandria                    alexandr
alexandriae                   alexandri
alexandriam                   alexandri
alexandrinae                  alexandrin
alexandrini                   alexandrin
algido                        algid
algidum                       algid
ali                           al
alia                          al
aliacmonem                    aliacmon
aliae                         ali
aliaeque                      ali
aliam                         ali
aliamque                      ali
aliamue                       aliamu
aliaque                       al
aliarum                       aliar
alias                         ali
aliasque                      ali
alibi                         alib
alicui                        alicu
alicuius                      alicu
aliena                        alien
alienae                       alien
alienam                       alien
alienandis                    alienand
alienas                       alien
alienasset                    alienasset
alienatione                   alienation
alienationem                  alienation
alienato                      alienat
alienatus                     alienat
alienauit                     alienauit
alieni                        alien
alienigenae                   alienigen
alienigenarum                 alienigenar
alienique                     alien
alienis                       alien
alieno                        alien
alienoque                     alien
alienos                       alien
alienum                       alien
alii                          al
aliique                       al
aliis                         ali
aliisque                      ali
alils                         alils
alimenta                      aliment
alimur                        alimur
alio                          ali
alioqui                       alioqu
aliorum                       alior
alios                         ali
aliosque                      ali
aliove                        aliou
aliqua                        aliqu
aliquam                       aliqu
aliquamdiu                    aliquamdi
aliquando                     aliquand
aliquandost                   aliquandost
aliquanto                     aliquant
aliquantum                    aliquant
aliquarum                     aliquar
aliquem                       aliqu
aliqui                        aliqu
aliquid                       aliquid
aliquis                       aliqu
aliquo                        aliqu
aliquod                       aliquod
aliquos                       aliqu
aliquot                       aliquot
aliquotiens                   aliquotiens
alis                          al
alit                          alit
alitem                        alit
aliter                        aliter
alites                        alit
alitum                        alit
alitur                        alitur
aliud                         ali
alium                         ali
aliunde                       aliund
alius                         al
allata                        allat
allatae                       allat
allati                        allat
allatis                       allat
allatum                       allat
allaturam                     allatur
allaturum                     allatur
allia                         all
alliam                        alli
allicere                      allicer
alligaret                     alligaret
allis                         all
allisa                        allis
allobrogas                    allobrog
allobrogem                    allobrog
allobroges                    allobrog
alluitur                      alluitur
alluuie                       alluui
alpes                         alp
alpesque                      alp
alpibus                       alp
alpinis                       alpin
alta                          alt
altae                         alt
altaribus                     altar
alte                          alt
alter                         alter
altera                        alter
alterae                       alter
alteram                       alter
altercantes                   altercant
altercari                     altercar
altercatio                    altercati
altercatione                  altercation
altercationem                 altercation
alteri                        alter
alteris                       alter
alterius                      alter
alternae                      altern
alterni                       altern
alternis                      altern
altero                        alter
alteros                       alter
alterum                       alter
alterumque                    alter
alterutro                     alterutr
alterutrum                    alterutr
altior                        altior
altiora                       altior
altiore                       altior
altis                         alt
altissima                     altissim
altissimam                    altissim
altissimis                    altissim
altissimos                    altissim
altissimum                    altissim
altissimus                    altissim
altitudine                    altitudin
altitudinem                   altitudin
altitudines                   altitudin
altitudinum                   altitudin
altitudo                      altitud
alto                          alt
altor                         altor
alueo                         alue
aluerint                      alueri
aluisset                      aluisset
aluit                         aluit
aluntur                       aluntur
alveum                        alue
alvi                          alu
alvo                          alu
amabilius                     amabil
amandavit                     amandauit
amans                         amans
amant                         ama
amante                        amant
amanti                        amant
amantia                       amant
amantini                      amantin
amanum                        aman
amara                         amar
amari                         amar
amatis                        amat
ambages                       ambag
ambagibus                     ambag
ambarros                      ambarr
ambas                         amb
ambientes                     ambient
ambigam                       ambig
ambigatus                     ambigat
ambigebatur                   ambigebatur
ambigitur                     ambigitur
ambiguam                      ambigu
ambigue                       ambigu
ambiguo                       ambigu
ambitio                       ambiti
ambitione                     ambition
ambitionem                    ambition
ambitionis                    ambition
ambitiose                     ambitios
ambitiosum                    ambitios
ambitiosus                    ambitios
ambitus                       ambit
ambo                          amb
amborum                       ambor
ambos                         amb
ambraciam                     ambraci
ambrosiam                     ambrosi
ambulantis                    ambulant
ambusti                       ambust
ambusto                       ambust
ambustum                      ambust
amem                          am
amens                         amens
amentem                       ament
amentiae                      amenti
amentiam                      amenti
ameriola                      ameriol
amet                          amet
amicas                        amic
amice                         amic
amici                         amic
amiciora                      amicior
amicis                        amic
amicisque                     amic
amicissime                    amicissim
amicissimi                    amicissim
amicitia                      amicit
amicitiae                     amiciti
amicitiaeue                   amicitiaeu
amicitiam                     amiciti
amicitias                     amiciti
amicitiasque                  amiciti
amico                         amic
amicorum                      amicor
amicos                        amic
amicosque                     amic
amiculum                      amicul
amicum                        amic
amicus                        amic
amigrant                      amigra
amisere                       amiser
amiserint                     amiseri
amiserit                      amiserit
amiserunt                     amiseru
amisisse                      amisiss
amisit                        amisit
amissa                        amiss
amissae                       amiss
amissarum                     amissar
amissas                       amiss
amissione                     amission
amissis                       amiss
amisso                        amiss
amissorum                     amissor
amissos                       amiss
amissum                       amiss
amissuri                      amissur
amittant                      amitta
amittat                       amittat
amittatur                     amittatur
amittendi                     amittend
amitterent                    amittere
amitteret                     amitteret
amitteretur                   amitteretur
amitti                        amitt
amne                          amn
amnem                         amn
amnes                         amn
amni                          amn
amnis                         amn
amnium                        amni
amoeniorem                    amoenior
amoenitates                   amoenitat
amoliri                       amolir
amor                          amor
amore                         amor
amorem                        amor
amoris                        amor
amotis                        amot
amouendus                     amouend
amouere                       amouer
amoueri                       amouer
amouerique                    amouer
amouimus                      amouim
amouissent                    amouisse
amovens                       amouens
amphiaraum                    amphiara
amphiataus                    amphiata
amphilochis                   amphiloch
amphipoli                     amphipol
ampium                        ampi
amplectitur                   amplectitur
amplexa                       amplex
amplexi                       amplex
amplexos                      amplex
amplexus                      amplex
ampliatam                     ampliat
amplificanda                  amplificand
amplificata                   amplificat
amplificatam                  amplificat
amplificatur                  amplificatur
amplificavit                  amplificauit
amplior                       amplior
ampliore                      amplior
ampliorem                     amplior
amplioremque                  amplior
ampliores                     amplior
ampliorque                    amplior
amplissime                    amplissim
amplissimi                    amplissim
amplissimis                   amplissim
amplissimos                   amplissim
amplissimum                   amplissim
amplitudine                   amplitudin
amplitudinem                  amplitudin
amplius                       ampl
ampliusue                     ampliusu
amplum                        ampl
amulio                        amuli
amulium                       amuli
amulius                       amul
an                            an
ana                           an
anactes                       anact
anam                          an
anaxagoras                    anaxagor
anaxarchum                    anaxarch
anaximandri                   anaximandr
anaximene                     anaximen
anaximenes                    anaximen
anceps                        anceps
anchisae                      anchis
anci                          anc
ancilia                       ancil
ancilibus                     ancil
ancillam                      ancill
ancillas                      ancill
ancipitem                     ancipit
ancipites                     ancipit
ancipiti                      ancipit
ancipitia                     ancipit
ancipitis                     ancipit
anco                          anc
anconam                       ancon
ancoram                       ancor
ancorariis                    ancorari
ancoris                       ancor
ancum                         anc
ancus                         anc
andromeda                     andromed
andromedae                    andromed
androsthenes                  androsthen
anemonem                      anemon
anfractibus                   anfract
angebat                       angebat
angebatur                     angebatur
angerent                      angere
angi                          ang
angore                        angor
anguem                        angu
anguis                        angu
angulata                      angulat
angulis                       angul
angulo                        angul
angusta                       angust
anguste                       angust
angustia                      angust
angustiae                     angusti
angustias                     angusti
angustiis                     angusti
angustior                     angustior
angustis                      angust
angustissimae                 angustissim
angustissime                  angustissim
angustius                     angust
angustiusque                  angust
angusto                       angust
angustoque                    angust
angustos                      angust
angustum                      angust
anhelans                      anhelans
anicularum                    anicular
aniculis                      anicul
anienem                       anien
anienis                       anien
aniles                        anil
aniliter                      aniliter
anima                         anim
animaduerso                   animaduers
animaduersuros                animaduersur
animaduersurum                animaduersur
animaduerterat                animaduerterat
animaduertissent              animaduertisse
animaduertit                  animaduertit
animadveraum                  animaduera
animadversa                   animaduers
animadversio                  animaduersi
animadversionis               animaduersion
animadversis                  animaduers
animadverso                   animaduers
animadversum                  animaduers
animadversumque               animaduers
animadversuros                animaduersur
animadvertant                 animaduerta
animadvertendum               animaduertend
animadverterent               animaduertere
animadverti                   animaduert
animadvertis                  animaduert
animadvertisse                animaduertiss
animadvertissent              animaduertisse
animadvertisset               animaduertisset
animadvertisti                animaduertist
animadvertit                  animaduertit
animadvertitur                animaduertitur
animadvertunt                 animaduertu
animadvertuntur               animaduertuntur
animal                        animal
animali                       animal
animalia                      animal
animalibus                    animal
animalis                      animal
animam                        anim
animans                       animans
animantem                     animant
animantes                     animant
animantia                     animant
animantibus                   animant
animantis                     animant
animantium                    animanti
animare                       animar
animi                         anim
animique                      anim
animis                        anim
animisque                     anim
animo                         anim
animoque                      anim
animorum                      animor
animos                        anim
animosior                     animosior
animosque                     anim
animum                        anim
animus                        anim
aninmans                      aninmans
anitum                        anit
annales                       annal
annalibus                     annal
anni                          ann
annibal                       annibal
annis                         ann
annisque                      ann
anniuersariis                 anniuersari
anniversarias                 anniuersari
anno                          ann
annona                        annon
annonae                       annon
annonam                       annon
annonaque                     annon
annorum                       annor
annorumque                    annor
annos                         ann
annosque                      ann
annua                         annu
annuae                        annu
annuam                        annu
annuas                        annu
annui                         annu
annuis                        annu
annum                         ann
annuos                        annu
annus                         ann
annuum                        annu
annuumque                     annu
anquillaria                   anquillar
anquiri                       anquir
anquirit                      anquirit
anquisissent                  anquisisse
anseres                       anser
ante                          ant
antea                         ante
antecedebat                   antecedebat
antecedendo                   antecedend
antecedens                    antecedens
antecedente                   antecedent
antecedentibus                antecedent
antecedere                    anteceder
antecederet                   antecederet
antecedit                     antecedit
antecedunt                    antecedu
antecellunt                   antecellu
anteceptam                    antecept
antecesserant                 antecessera
antecesserat                  antecesserat
antecessit                    antecessit
antecursores                  antecursor
antecursoribus                antecursor
anteferre                     anteferr
anteferrentur                 anteferrentur
anteferret                    anteferret
antegreditur                  antegreditur
anteire                       anteir
antemnates                    antemnat
antemnatium                   antemnati
antenorem                     antenor
antenorique                   antenor
anteponenda                   anteponend
anteponendam                  anteponend
anteponuntur                  anteponuntur
antequam                      antequ
anteros                       anter
antesignanis                  antesignan
antesignanos                  antesignan
antevertens                   anteuertens
antias                        anti
antiatem                      antiat
antiates                      antiat
antiatibus                    antiat
anticipationem                anticipation
anticipatum                   anticipat
antii                         ant
antio                         anti
antiochensium                 antiochensi
antiochi                      antioch
antiochiae                    antiochi
antiochiam                    antiochi
antiocho                      antioch
antiochum                     antioch
antiochus                     antioch
antiopa                       antiop
antiqua                       antiqu
antiquam                      antiqu
antiquari                     antiquar
antiquarunt                   antiquaru
antiquas                      antiqu
antiquata                     antiquat
antiqui                       antiqu
antiquior                     antiquior
antiquis                      antiqu
antiquissimo                  antiquissim
antiquissimum                 antiquissim
antiquissimus                 antiquissim
antiquitus                    antiquit
antiquius                     antiqu
antiquo                       antiqu
antiquos                      antiqu
antiquum                      antiqu
antistes                      antist
antisthenes                   antisthen
antisti                       antist
antistitem                    antistit
antistites                    antistit
antistium                     antisti
antistiusque                  antist
antium                        anti
antoni                        anton
antonianae                    antonian
antonianos                    antonian
antonii                       anton
antonio                       antoni
antonium                      antoni
antonius                      anton
anulos                        anul
anum                          an
anus                          an
anxiis                        anxi
anxur                         anxur
anxuri                        anxur
aoede                         aoed
ap                            ap
aperiendo                     aperiend
aperiendum                    aperiend
aperientibus                  aperient
aperire                       aperir
aperiret                      aperiret
aperiri                       aperir
aperit                        aperit
aperiuntur                    aperiuntur
aperta                        apert
apertam                       apert
aperte                        apert
apertiora                     apertior
apertioribus                  apertior
apertis                       apert
apertissuma                   apertissum
aperto                        apert
apertum                       apert
apertus                       apert
aperuere                      aperuer
aperuerunt                    aperueru
aperuissent                   aperuisse
aperuit                       aperuit
apim                          apim
apiolas                       apiol
apiscendi                     apiscend
apollinare                    apollinar
apolline                      apollin
apollinem                     apollin
apollini                      apollin
apollinis                     apollin
apollinum                     apollin
apollo                        apoll
apollodorum                   apollodor
apollodorus                   apollodor
apollonia                     apollon
apolloniae                    apolloni
apolloniam                    apolloni
apolloniatibus                apolloniat
apolloniatium                 apolloniati
apparandis                    apparand
apparare                      apparar
appararet                     appararet
apparari                      apparar
apparatu                      apparat
apparatum                     apparat
apparatus                     apparat
appareat                      appareat
apparebant                    appareba
apparebat                     apparebat
apparebatque                  apparebat
apparere                      apparer
appareret                     appareret
apparet                       apparet
apparitor                     apparitor
apparitore                    apparitor
apparitores                   apparitor
apparitori                    apparitor
apparitoribus                 apparitor
apparitorum                   apparitor
appariturum                   apparitur
apparuerat                    apparuerat
apparuere                     apparuer
apparuisse                    apparuiss
apparuisset                   apparuisset
apparuit                      apparuit
appellabant                   appellaba
appellabantur                 appellabantur
appellabas                    appellab
appellabat                    appellabat
appellabatur                  appellabatur
appellamus                    appellam
appellandi                    appelland
appellandorum                 appellandor
appellans                     appellans
appellant                     appella
appellantem                   appellant
appellantes                   appellant
appellantibus                 appellant
appellantur                   appellantur
appellare                     appellar
appellarent                   appellare
appellarentur                 appellarentur
appellari                     appellar
appellarunt                   appellaru
appellas                      appell
appellasset                   appellasset
appellat                      appellat
appellata                     appellat
appellatam                    appellat
appellati                     appellat
appellatio                    appellati
appellatione                  appellation
appellationi                  appellation
appellationis                 appellation
appellatis                    appellat
appellatos                    appellat
appellatum                    appellat
appellatur                    appellatur
appellatus                    appellat
appellauit                    appellauit
appellaverat                  appellauerat
appellavisset                 appellauisset
appellavistis                 appellauist
appellavit                    appellauit
appellemus                    appellem
appellent                     appelle
appellet                      appellet
appelletur                    appelletur
appellit                      appellit
appello                       appell
appenninum                    appennin
appetat                       appetat
appetendo                     appetend
appetisse                     appetiss
appetit                       appetit
appetivere                    appetiuer
appi                          app
appiana                       appian
appio                         appi
appium                        appi
appius                        app
applicantque                  applica
applicatisque                 applicat
apponerentur                  apponerentur
appositum                     apposit
appropinquabant               appropinquaba
appropinquabat                appropinquabat
appropinquans                 appropinquans
appropinquare                 appropinquar
appropinquarent               appropinquare
appropinquaret                appropinquaret
appropinquassent              appropinquasse
appropinquasset               appropinquasset
appropinquatum                appropinquat
appulisset                    appulisset
appulsaque                    appuls
appulsas                      appuls
appulsisque                   appuls
apri                          apr
apronius                      apron
apso                          aps
apsum                         aps
apsus                         aps
apta                          apt
aptae                         apt
aptare                        aptar
aptas                         apt
apte                          apt
apti                          apt
aptior                        aptior
aptiora                       aptior
aptiorem                      aptior
aptissima                     aptissim
aptissimae                    aptissim
aptissime                     aptissim
aptissimum                    aptissim
aptissimus                    aptissim
aptius                        apt
aptos                         apt
aptum                         apt
aptus                         apt
apud                          ap
apuleio                       apulei
apulia                        apul
apuliam                       apuli
apum                          ap
aqua                          aqu
aquabantur                    aquabantur
aquae                         aqu
aquam                         aqu
aquandi                       aquand
aquarentur                    aquarentur
aquari                        aquar
aquarius                      aquar
aquarum                       aquar
aquas                         aqu
aquatiles                     aquatil
aquatilibus                   aquatil
aquatores                     aquator
aquila                        aquil
aquilae                       aquil
aquilam                       aquil
aquilifer                     aquilifer
aquiliisque                   aquili
aquilio                       aquili
aquilios                      aquili
aquilius                      aquil
aquillius                     aquill
aquilonia                     aquilon
aquilonibus                   aquilon
aquilonis                     aquilon
aquis                         aqu
aquitanis                     aquitan
ara                           ar
aram                          ar
arandi                        arand
araneolis                     araneol
araret                        araret
arari                         arar
aras                          ar
arateis                       arate
aratra                        aratr
arbitrabantur                 arbitrabantur
arbitrabar                    arbitrabar
arbitrabatur                  arbitrabatur
arbitramur                    arbitramur
arbitrantur                   arbitrantur
arbitrarentur                 arbitrarentur
arbitrari                     arbitrar
arbitrati                     arbitrat
arbitrato                     arbitrat
arbitratur                    arbitratur
arbitratus                    arbitrat
arbitrerisne                  arbitrerisn
arbitri                       arbitr
arbitrii                      arbitr
arbitrio                      arbitri
arbitris                      arbitr
arbitrium                     arbitri
arbitriumque                  arbitri
arbitro                       arbitr
arbitroque                    arbitr
arbitror                      arbitror
arbitros                      arbitr
arbitrum                      arbitr
arbor                         arbor
arbore                        arbor
arborem                       arbor
arbores                       arbor
arbori                        arbor
arboribus                     arbor
arboris                       arbor
arborum                       arbor
arborumne                     arborumn
arcades                       arcad
arcadia                       arcad
arcadica                      arcadic
arcadum                       arcad
arcano                        arcan
arce                          arc
arceas                        arce
arcebat                       arcebat
arcem                         arc
arcemque                      arc
arcendae                      arcend
arcendam                      arcend
arcendas                      arcend
arcendis                      arcend
arcente                       arcent
arcere                        arcer
arcerent                      arcere
arceret                       arceret
arces                         arc
arcesila                      arcesil
arcesilas                     arcesil
arcessere                     arcesser
arcessierint                  arcessieri
arcessiri                     arcessir
arcessit                      arcessit
arcessita                     arcessit
arcessiti                     arcessit
arcessitum                    arcessit
arcessituque                  arcessit
arcessitus                    arcessit
arcessunt                     arcessu
arcessuntur                   arcessuntur
arcetque                      arcet
arche                         arch
archilochi                    archiloch
archimedem                    archimed
architecti                    architect
architectum                   architect
arci                          arc
arcis                         arc
arcti                         arct
arctoe                        arcto
arctophylax                   arctophylax
arcturus                      arctur
arcuato                       arcuat
arcum                         arc
arcus                         arc
ardea                         arde
ardeae                        arde
ardeam                        arde
ardeamque                     arde
ardeates                      ardeat
ardeati                       ardeat
ardeatibus                    ardeat
ardeatibusque                 ardeat
ardeatino                     ardeatin
ardeatium                     ardeati
ardens                        ardens
ardent                        arde
ardentem                      ardent
ardenti                       ardent
ardentia                      ardent
ardentibus                    ardent
ardentis                      ardent
ardere                        arder
arderent                      ardere
ardor                         ardor
ardore                        ardor
ardorem                       ardor
ardoremque                    ardor
ardoris                       ardor
ardorum                       ardor
ardua                         ardu
arduis                        ardu
arduo                         ardu
arduum                        ardu
area                          are
aream                         are
arecomicorum                  arecomicor
arelate                       arelat
argenteas                     argente
argenteum                     argente
argenti                       argent
argentum                      argent
argeos                        arge
argia                         arg
argiletum                     argilet
argivis                       argiu
argo                          arg
argonautarum                  argonautar
arguebat                      arguebat
arguendo                      arguend
arguens                       arguens
arguere                       arguer
arguerent                     arguere
arguit                        arguit
argum                         arg
argumenta                     argument
argumentando                  argumentand
argumentari                   argumentar
argumentatione                argumentation
argumenti                     argument
argumentis                    argument
argumento                     argument
argumentorum                  argumentor
argumentum                    argument
arguo                         argu
aricia                        aric
ariciam                       arici
aricini                       aricin
aricinique                    aricin
aricinis                      aricin
aricinos                      aricin
aricinus                      aricin
aridum                        arid
aries                         ari
ariete                        ariet
arimini                       arimin
arimino                       arimin
ariminum                      arimin
ariobarzanes                  ariobarzan
aris                          ar
aristaeus                     aristae
aristippi                     aristipp
aristo                        arist
aristodemo                    aristodem
aristodemum                   aristodem
aristonis                     ariston
aristotele                    aristotel
aristotelem                   aristotel
aristoteles                   aristotel
aristotelesque                aristotel
aristoteli                    aristotel
arma                          arm
armabat                       armabat
armamentis                    armament
armamentorum                  armamentor
armandas                      armand
armaque                       arm
armare                        armar
armari                        armar
armat                         armat
armata                        armat
armatae                       armat
armatas                       armat
armati                        armat
armatis                       armat
armatisque                    armat
armatorum                     armator
armatos                       armat
armatum                       armat
armatur                       armatur
armaturae                     armatur
armatus                       armat
armatusque                    armat
armauerant                    armauera
armauerit                     armauerit
armauit                       armauit
armaverant                    armauera
arment                        arme
armentum                      arment
armillas                      armill
armis                         arm
armisque                      arm
armorum                       armor
armorumque                    armor
arrepta                       arrept
arreptis                      arrept
arrepto                       arrept
arreptum                      arrept
arreptus                      arrept
arretium                      arreti
arripere                      arriper
arripi                        arrip
arripiet                      arripiet
arripimus                     arripim
arripit                       arripit
arripiunt                     arripiu
arripuerimus                  arripuerim
arripuit                      arripuit
arrogans                      arrogans
arrogantia                    arrogant
arruns                        arruns
arrunte                       arrunt
arruntem                      arrunt
arrunti                       arrunt
ars                           ars
arsia                         ars
arsinoae                      arsino
arsippi                       arsipp
arsisse                       arsiss
arta                          art
arte                          art
artem                         art
artena                        arten
artenam                       arten
arteria                       arter
arteriae                      arteri
arterias                      arteri
artes                         art
artibus                       art
artibusque                    art
articulatim                   articulatim
articulo                      articul
artifex                       artifex
artifices                     artific
artificiis                    artifici
artificio                     artifici
artificiosa                   artificios
artificiose                   artificios
artificiosi                   artificios
artificiosius                 artificios
artificiosum                  artificios
artificiosumque               artificios
artificium                    artifici
artiore                       artior
artis                         art
artium                        arti
arto                          art
artus                         art
aruernos                      aruern
aruis                         aru
arva                          aru
arx                           arx
ascani                        ascan
ascanium                      ascani
ascanius                      ascan
ascendebat                    ascendebat
ascendendus                   ascendend
ascendentes                   ascendent
ascendere                     ascender
ascendissent                  ascendisse
ascendunt                     ascendu
ascensu                       ascens
asculum                       ascul
asdrubal                      asdrubal
asellium                      aselli
asia                          as
asiae                         asi
asiam                         asi
asiatica                      asiatic
asiaticis                     asiatic
asomaton                      asomaton
asotus                        asot
asparagium                    asparagi
aspectu                       aspect
aspectum                      aspect
aspectus                      aspect
aspera                        asper
aspere                        asper
aspergeret                    aspergeret
asperi                        asper
asperior                      asperior
asperiora                     asperior
asperiorem                    asperior
asperis                       asper
asperitare                    asperitar
asperitate                    asperitat
asperitates                   asperitat
asperitatis                   asperitat
asperius                      asper
aspernabantur                 aspernabantur
aspernarentur                 aspernarentur
aspernari                     aspernar
aspernata                     aspernat
aspernati                     aspernat
aspernatus                    aspernat
aspero                        asper
asperrime                     asperrim
asperum                       asper
aspexeris                     aspexer
aspexissentque                aspexisse
aspexit                       aspexit
aspice                        aspic
aspiceremus                   aspicerem
aspicienda                    aspiciend
aspicies                      aspici
aspicitur                     aspicitur
aspidas                       aspid
asportarent                   asportare
asseres                       asser
asservabant                   asseruaba
assibus                       ass
assuefacti                    assuefact
astarte                       astart
asteria                       aster
asteriae                      asteri
astra                         astr
astringentibus                astringent
astris                        astr
astrisque                     astr
astrorum                      astror
astypalenses                  astypalens
asylum                        asyl
at                            at
aternio                       aterni
aternium                      aterni
athamaniam                    athamani
athenarum                     athenar
athenas                       athen
atheniensium                  atheniensi
athenis                       athen
atheos                        athe
atheus                        athe
atilio                        atili
atilium                       atili
atilius                       atil
atomi                         atom
atomis                        atom
atomorum                      atomor
atomos                        atom
atomum                        atom
atqne                         atqn
atque                         atque
atqui                         atqu
atramenti                     atrament
atratini                      atratin
atratino                      atratin
atratinum                     atratin
atratinus                     atratin
atrei                         atre
atreus                        atre
atriis                        atri
atrocem                       atroc
atroces                       atroc
atroci                        atroc
atrocior                      atrocior
atrocioribusque               atrocior
atrocis                       atroc
atrocissima                   atrocissim
atrocissimus                  atrocissim
atrocitate                    atrocitat
atrociter                     atrociter
atrocius                      atroc
atrox                         atrox
attende                       attend
attentum                      attent
attenuata                     attenuat
atti                          att
attianorum                    attianor
attianos                      attian
atticis                       attic
attico                        attic
attigeris                     attiger
attigimus                     attigim
attigissent                   attigisse
attigistis                    attigist
attigit                       attigit
attii                         att
attineat                      attineat
attinet                       attinet
attingam                      atting
attingens                     attingens
attingere                     attinger
attingit                      attingit
attingunt                     attingu
attinuisse                    attinuiss
attinuisset                   attinuisset
attio                         atti
attium                        atti
attiumque                     atti
attius                        att
attoniti                      attonit
attonitis                     attonit
attonitus                     attonit
attractare                    attractar
attribuerat                   attribuerat
attribuerent                  attribuere
attribuerit                   attribuerit
attribui                      attribu
attribuit                     attribuit
attribuitur                   attribuitur
attributae                    attribut
attulerat                     attulerat
attulere                      attuler
attulisse                     attuliss
attulit                       attulit
attus                         att
atye                          aty
atys                          atys
auaritia                      auarit
aucta                         auct
auctae                        auct
auctam                        auct
aucti                         auct
auctibus                      auct
auctionandi                   auctionand
auctionem                     auction
auctior                       auctior
auctiorem                     auctior
auctis                        auct
auctiusque                    auct
aucto                         auct
auctor                        auctor
auctore                       auctor
auctorem                      auctor
auctoremque                   auctor
auctores                      auctor
auctoribus                    auctor
auctoris                      auctor
auctoritas                    auctorit
auctoritate                   auctoritat
auctoritatem                  auctoritat
auctoritates                  auctoritat
auctoritati                   auctoritat
auctoritatis                  auctoritat
auctorque                     auctor
auctorum                      auctor
auctum                        auct
aucturum                      auctur
auda                          aud
audaci                        audac
audacia                       audac
audaciae                      audaci
audaciaeque                   audaci
audaciam                      audaci
audacique                     audac
audacius                      audac
audacter                      audacter
audax                         audax
audeat                        audeat
audebant                      audeba
audebat                       audebat
audebitis                     audebit
audent                        aude
audentibus                    audent
audeo                         aude
audere                        auder
auderent                      audere
auderet                       auderet
audes                         aud
audet                         audet
audetis                       audet
audi                          aud
audiam                        audi
audiamus                      audiam
audiant                       audia
audias                        audi
audiat                        audiat
audiatis                      audiat
audiebam                      audieb
audiebant                     audieba
audiebantur                   audiebantur
audiebat                      audiebat
audiebatur                    audiebatur
audiendi                      audiend
audiendum                     audiend
audiendus                     audiend
audiens                       audiens
audiente                      audient
audientem                     audient
audientes                     audient
audientibus                   audient
audierant                     audiera
audierat                      audierat
audiere                       audier
audierim                      audierim
audierit                      audierit
audieritis                    audierit
audierunt                     audieru
audies                        audi
audire                        audir
audirem                       audir
audirent                      audire
audirentque                   audire
audirentur                    audirentur
audiret                       audiret
audiri                        audir
audisse                       audiss
audissem                      audiss
audissent                     audisse
audisset                      audisset
audissetque                   audisset
audistis                      audist
audit                         audit
audita                        audit
auditae                       audit
auditam                       audit
auditaque                     audit
auditas                       audit
audite                        audit
auditione                     audition
auditis                       audit
audito                        audit
auditoque                     audit
auditor                       auditor
auditorem                     auditor
auditum                       audit
auditumst                     auditumst
auditurus                     auditur
auditus                       audit
audiuerant                    audiuera
audiuere                      audiuer
audiuit                       audiuit
audiuntur                     audiuntur
audivi                        audiu
audivisse                     audiuiss
audivit                       audiuit
auecta                        auect
auentini                      auentin
auentino                      auentin
auentinum                     auentin
auersa                        auers
auersabantur                  auersabantur
auersam                       auers
auersarentur                  auersarentur
auersas                       auers
auersi                        auers
auersissima                   auersissim
auerso                        auers
auersos                       auers
auersum                       auers
auersus                       auers
auertebat                     auertebat
auertendae                    auertend
auertendaeque                 auertend
auertendis                    auertend
auertendos                    auertend
auerterant                    auertera
auerteratque                  auerterat
auertere                      auerter
auerterent                    auertere
auerti                        auert
auertissent                   auertisse
auertisset                    auertisset
auertit                       auertit
auertunt                      auertu
aues                          au
aufer                         aufer
auferam                       aufer
auferre                       auferr
auferret                      auferret
auferri                       auferr
auferrique                    auferr
aufert                        aufert
auferte                       aufert
aufugerat                     aufugerat
aufugiens                     aufugiens
augeamus                      augeam
augeantur                     augeantur
augeat                        augeat
augebantur                    augebantur
augebat                       augebat
augebatur                     augebatur
augebunt                      augebu
augendae                      augend
augendi                       augend
augendo                       augend
augentem                      augent
augentes                      augent
augere                        auger
augeri                        auger
augerique                     auger
augescantque                  augesca
augescere                     augescer
augescunt                     augescu
auget                         auget
augetur                       augetur
augur                         augur
augurato                      augurat
augure                        augur
augurem                       augur
augures                       augur
auguribus                     augur
augurii                       augur
auguriis                      auguri
augurio                       auguri
augurium                      auguri
auguriumque                   auguri
augurum                       augur
augusta                       august
augustam                      august
auguste                       august
augustiorem                   augustior
augustioremque                augustior
augustissima                  augustissim
augustissimam                 augustissim
augusto                       august
augustum                      august
aui                           au
auibus                        au
auida                         auid
auidas                        auid
auide                         auid
auidi                         auid
auidissimo                    auidissim
auidum                        auid
auitoque                      auit
auium                         aui
aulercos                      aulerc
aulum                         aul
aulus                         aul
auocabantur                   auocabantur
auocasset                     auocasset
auocato                       auocat
auocauere                     auocauer
auocet                        auocet
auolant                       auola
auolat                        auolat
auosque                       au
aura                          aur
aurae                         aur
auram                         aur
aurata                        aurat
aurea                         aure
aureae                        aure
auream                        aure
aureas                        aure
aureis                        aure
aureo                         aure
aureola                       aureol
aures                         aur
aureum                        aure
auri                          aur
auribus                       aur
auriga                        aurig
aurium                        auri
auriumque                     auri
auro                          aur
auroram                       auror
aurum                         aur
aurunci                       aurunc
auruncis                      aurunc
aurunco                       aurunc
auruncorum                    auruncor
auruncos                      aurunc
auruncum                      aurunc
ausae                         aus
ausaque                       aus
ausast                        ausast
ausetani                      ausetan
ausi                          aus
ausim                         ausim
ausit                         ausit
ausos                         aus
auspicari                     auspicar
auspicato                     auspicat
auspicia                      auspic
auspiciis                     auspici
auspicio                      auspici
auspicioque                   auspici
auspiciorum                   auspicior
auspiciorumque                auspicior
auspicium                     auspici
auster                        auster
australis                     austral
austri                        austr
austro                        austr
austrum                       austr
ausum                         aus
ausurum                       ausur
ausus                         aus
aut                           aut
autem                         aut
autumni                       autumn
autumno                       autumn
autumnus                      autumn
auum                          au
auumque                       au
auunculi                      auuncul
auunculo                      auuncul
auunculum                     auuncul
auus                          au
auxerant                      auxera
auxerat                       auxerat
auxere                        auxer
auxerit                       auxerit
auxerunt                      auxeru
auxilia                       auxil
auxiliaque                    auxil
auxiliaresque                 auxiliar
auxiliaribus                  auxiliar
auxilii                       auxil
auxiliis                      auxili
auxiliisque                   auxili
auxilio                       auxili
auxilioque                    auxili
auxilium                      auxili
auxiliumque                   auxili
auxillo                       auxill
auximatibus                   auximat
auximi                        auxim
auximo                        auxim
auximum                       auxim
auximumque                    auxim
auxit                         auxit
avaricum                      auaric
avaritia                      auarit
avaritiae                     auariti
avaritiam                     auariti
avarum                        auar
avehi                         aueh
avem                          au
aventino                      auentin
aventinum                     auentin
aveo                          aue
aversa                        auers
aversi                        auers
aversos                       auers
avertas                       auert
avertebant                    auerteba
avertebat                     auertebat
avertendae                    auertend
avertendo                     auertend
averterat                     auerterat
averteratque                  auerterat
avertere                      auerter
averterent                    auertere
averteret                     auerteret
averteretur                   auerteretur
avertit                       auertit
avertunt                      auertu
aves                          au
avesque                       au
avis                          au
avita                         auit
avitae                        auit
avito                         auit
avitum                        auit
avium                         aui
avocata                       auocat
avunculum                     auuncul
avunculus                     auuncul
avus                          au
axem                          ax
axibus                        ax
babylonius                    babylon
bacarum                       bacar
baculo                        bacul
baculum                       bacul
bagradam                      bagrad
balbe                         balb
balbi                         balb
balbo                         balb
balbum                        balb
balbus                        balb
barba                         barb
barbam                        barb
barbara                       barbar
barbari                       barbar
barbaria                      barbar
barbaris                      barbar
barbarisque                   barbar
barbaro                       barbar
barbarorum                    barbaror
barbaros                      barbar
barbati                       barbat
barbatum                      barbat
barbatus                      barbat
basis                         bas
beata                         beat
beatae                        beat
beatam                        beat
beati                         beat
beatis                        beat
beatissima                    beatissim
beatissimam                   beatissim
beatissimos                   beatissim
beatissumae                   beatissum
beatitas                      beatit
beatitudo                     beatitud
beatius                       beat
beato                         beat
beatos                        beat
beatum                        beat
beatus                        beat
belica                        belic
bella                         bell
bellandi                      belland
bellantes                     bellant
bellatoribus                  bellator
bellatorum                    bellator
bellatum                      bellat
belli                         bell
bellicae                      bellic
bellicis                      bellic
bellicosa                     bellicos
bellicosissimas               bellicosissim
bellicosissimorum             bellicosissimor
bellicoso                     bellicos
bellique                      bell
bellis                        bell
belliue                       belliu
bello                         bell
bellone                       bellon
belloque                      bell
bellorum                      bellor
belloueso                     belloues
bellouesum                    belloues
bellum                        bell
bellumque                     bell
belua                         belu
beluam                        belu
beluarum                      beluar
beluas                        belu
beluis                        belu
belus                         bel
bene                          ben
beneficentia                  beneficent
beneficentissimus             beneficentissim
beneficia                     benefic
beneficiariis                 beneficiari
beneficii                     benefic
beneficiis                    benefici
beneficiisque                 benefici
beneficio                     benefici
beneficioque                  benefici
beneficiorum                  beneficior
beneficium                    benefici
beneficos                     benefic
benevolentiam                 beneuolenti
benigne                       benign
benignitas                    benignit
benignitate                   benignitat
benignitatemque               benignitat
benigniusque                  benign
benigno                       benign
benignos                      benign
benivolentiam                 beniuolenti
benivolos                     beniuol
bessos                        bess
bestia                        best
bestiae                       besti
bestiaeque                    besti
bestiarum                     bestiar
bestias                       besti
bestiis                       besti
bestiola                      bestiol
biberent                      bibere
bibuli                        bibul
bibulo                        bibul
bibulum                       bibul
bibulus                       bibul
biduique                      bidu
biduo                         bidu
biduoque                      bidu
biduum                        bidu
biduumque                     bidu
biennii                       bienn
biennio                       bienni
biennium                      bienni
bifariam                      bifari
bigis                         big
bilibris                      bilibr
bilis                         bil
bina                          bin
binas                         bin
bini                          bin
binis                         bin
binorum                       binor
binos                         bin
binosque                      bin
bipedali                      bipedal
bipedalia                     bipedal
bipes                         bip
biremes                       birem
bis                           bis
bithynia                      bithyn
bituriges                     biturig
blanda                        bland
blande                        bland
blandiloquentia               blandiloquent
blandimenta                   blandiment
blanditiae                    blanditi
bllistis                      bllist
boeotia                       boeot
boii                          bo
bolani                        bolan
bolanis                       bolan
bolanum                       bolan
bolas                         bol
bolis                         bol
bona                          bon
bonae                         bon
bonam                         bon
bonaque                       bon
bonarum                       bonar
boni                          bon
bonis                         bon
bonisque                      bon
bonitate                      bonitat
bonitatem                     bonitat
bono                          bon
bonorum                       bonor
bonos                         bon
bonum                         bon
bonus                         bon
bootes                        boot
booti                         boot
bos                           bos
bouem                         bou
boum                          bo
bove                          bou
bovem                         bou
boves                         bou
brachio                       brachi
brachium                      brachi
brassicae                     brassic
brennum                       brenn
brennus                       brenn
breui                         breu
breuior                       breuior
breuiore                      breuior
breuiorem                     breuior
breuioribus                   breuior
breuique                      breu
breuis                        breu
breuissimi                    breuissim
breuiter                      breuiter
brevi                         breu
brevibusque                   breu
breviore                      breuior
brevis                        breu
brevissume                    breuissum
brevitate                     breuitat
breviter                      breuiter
brevius                       breu
britanniae                    britanni
brittanniam                   brittanni
brittannici                   brittannic
brixia                        brix
brumae                        brum
brumali                       brumal
brumisque                     brum
brundisi                      brundis
brundisii                     brundis
brundisini                    brundisin
brundisinis                   brundisin
brundisino                    brundisin
brundisinum                   brundisin
brundisio                     brundisi
brundisium                    brundisi
brundisiumque                 brundisi
brute                         brut
bruti                         brut
brutiisque                    bruti
bruto                         brut
brutum                        brut
brutus                        brut
bubus                         bub
bucinatore                    bucinator
bullide                       bullid
bullidenses                   bullidens
bus                           bus
bustorumque                   bustor
buthrotum                     buthrot
c                             c
cabiro                        cabir
cacuminis                     cacumin
cacus                         cac
cadam                         cad
cadauer                       cadauer
cadauere                      cadauer
cadaverum                     cadauer
cadentem                      cadent
cadentibus                    cadent
cadentis                      cadent
cadere                        cader
caderent                      cadere
caderet                       caderet
cadit                         cadit
cadmi                         cadm
caduco                        caduc
caeaarem                      caeaar
caeci                         caec
caecilius                     caecil
caecum                        caec
caecus                        caec
caede                         caed
caedem                        caed
caedemque                     caed
caedendae                     caedend
caedendo                      caedend
caedeque                      caed
caederentur                   caederentur
caedes                        caed
caedesque                     caed
caedi                         caed
caedibus                      caed
caedicio                      caedici
caedicius                     caedic
caedis                        caed
caedit                        caedit
caedium                       caedi
caedunt                       caedu
caelatisque                   caelat
caeleste                      caelest
caelestem                     caelest
caelestes                     caelest
caelesti                      caelest
caelestia                     caelest
caelestiaque                  caelest
caelestibus                   caelest
caelestis                     caelest
caelestium                    caelesti
caelestum                     caelest
caeli                         cael
caelibem                      caelib
caelimontanus                 caelimontan
caelio                        caeli
caelique                      cael
caelium                       caeli
caelius                       cael
caelo                         cael
caeloque                      cael
caelum                        cael
caelumque                     cael
caeninenses                   caeninens
caeninensium                  caeninensi
caeninum                      caenin
caenonem                      caenon
caere                         caer
caeretem                      caeret
caeretibus                    caeret
caeretumque                   caeret
caerimoniae                   caerimoni
caerimonias                   caerimoni
caerimoniis                   caerimoni
caeruleos                     caerule
caesa                         caes
caesae                        caes
caesam                        caes
caesar                        caesar
caesare                       caesar
caesarem                      caesar
caesaremque                   caesar
caesari                       caesar
caesaris                      caesar
caesarisque                   caesar
caesas                        caes
caesi                         caes
caesios                       caesi
caesis                        caes
caeso                         caes
caesone                       caeson
caesonem                      caeson
caesones                      caeson
caesoni                       caeson
caesonis                      caeson
caesorum                      caesor
caesos                        caes
caespitibus                   caespit
caesum                        caes
caetratae                     caetrat
calagurritani                 calagurritan
calamitas                     calamit
calamitate                    calamitat
calamitatem                   calamitat
calamitatis                   calamitat
calamitatum                   calamitat
calatino                      calatin
calatinum                     calatin
calcaria                      calcar
calcaribus                    calcar
calceolis                     calceol
calchantem                    calchant
calculos                      calcul
caleat                        caleat
caleni                        calen
caleno                        calen
calentem                      calent
calenum                       calen
calenus                       calen
calescit                      calescit
calficiendum                  calficiend
calida                        calid
calidam                       calid
calidii                       calid
calidiora                     calidior
calidius                      calid
calido                        calid
calidum                       calid
callida                       callid
callide                       callid
calliditatem                  calliditat
callidius                     callid
callidos                      callid
callidus                      callid
calones                       calon
calonibus                     calon
calonum                       calon
calor                         calor
calore                        calor
calorem                       calor
calores                       calor
caloribus                     calor
caloribusque                  calor
caloris                       calor
calorum                       calor
caluio                        calui
calumniam                     calumni
caluum                        calu
caluus                        calu
calvinum                      caluin
calvisium                     caluisi
calvisius                     caluis
calydone                      calydon
cam                           cam
camelli                       camell
camenis                       camen
cameria                       camer
camerino                      camerin
camerinum                     camerin
camerinus                     camerin
camilli                       camill
camillo                       camill
camillum                      camill
camillus                      camill
camiri                        camir
campani                       campan
campania                      campan
campanis                      campan
campestri                     campestr
campestribus                  campestr
campestris                    campestr
campi                         camp
campique                      camp
campis                        camp
campo                         camp
camporum                      campor
campos                        camp
campum                        camp
campus                        camp
canalibus                     canal
cancer                        cancer
candavia                      candau
candaviae                     candaui
candaviam                     candaui
candens                       candens
candida                       candid
candidati                     candidat
candidatis                    candidat
candidatorum                  candidator
candidatos                    candidat
candor                        candor
candore                       candor
cane                          can
canebant                      caneba
canem                         can
canentes                      canent
canere                        caner
canerent                      canere
canes                         can
cani                          can
canibus                       can
caniculam                     canicul
canini                        canin
caninium                      canini
caninus                       canin
canis                         can
cannae                        cann
canorum                       canor
cantabris                     cantabr
cantheriis                    cantheri
cantibus                      cant
cantu                         cant
cantum                        cant
cantus                        cant
cantusque                     cant
canuleio                      canulei
canuleios                     canulei
canuleium                     canulei
canuleius                     canule
canum                         can
canunt                        canu
canusium                      canusi
cape                          cap
capedunculis                  capeduncul
capena                        capen
capenam                       capen
capenas                       capen
capenate                      capenat
capenatem                     capenat
capenates                     capenat
capenatesque                  capenat
capenati                      capenat
capenatibus                   capenat
capenatis                     capenat
capenatium                    capenati
capere                        caper
caperent                      capere
caperentur                    caperentur
caperet                       caperet
caperetis                     caperet
caperetur                     caperetur
capessant                     capessa
capessendos                   capessend
capessendum                   capessend
capessentes                   capessent
capessentibus                 capessent
capessere                     capesser
capesserent                   capessere
capessit                      capessit
capessunt                     capessu
capeto                        capet
capetus                       capet
capi                          cap
capiat                        capiat
capiebant                     capieba
capienda                      capiend
capiendae                     capiend
capiendi                      capiend
capiendo                      capiend
capiendos                     capiend
capiendum                     capiend
capientes                     capient
capietur                      capietur
capilli                       capill
capillosque                   capill
capimus                       capim
capit                         capit
capita                        capit
capitalia                     capital
capitalis                     capital
capitalium                    capitali
capite                        capit
capiti                        capit
capitibus                     capit
capitis                       capit
capitolini                    capitolin
capitolino                    capitolin
capitolinos                   capitolin
capitolinum                   capitolin
capitolinumque                capitolin
capitolinus                   capitolin
capitolio                     capitoli
capitolioque                  capitoli
capitolium                    capitoli
capitoliumque                 capitoli
capitones                     capiton
capitum                       capit
capitur                       capitur
capiunt                       capiu
capiuntur                     capiuntur
cappadocia                    cappadoc
capra                         capr
caprae                        capr
capram                        capr
capras                        capr
capreolis                     capreol
capricornus                   capricorn
caprina                       caprin
capta                         capt
captae                        capt
captam                        capt
captandi                      captand
captandis                     captand
captare                       captar
captaret                      captaret
captarum                      captar
captas                        capt
captator                      captator
captatum                      captat
capti                         capt
captique                      capt
captis                        capt
captisque                     capt
captiua                       captiu
captiuam                      captiu
captiuas                      captiu
captiui                       captiu
captiuis                      captiu
captiuisque                   captiu
captiuo                       captiu
captiuorum                    captiuor
captiuum                      captiu
captiuus                      captiu
captivae                      captiu
captivis                      captiu
captivorum                    captiuor
captivos                      captiu
captivosque                   captiu
capto                         capt
captos                        capt
captum                        capt
capturos                      captur
capturum                      captur
capturus                      captur
captus                        capt
capua                         capu
capuae                        capu
capuam                        capu
capuamque                     capu
caput                         caput
caputque                      caput
capye                         capy
capys                         capys
caralitani                    caralitan
carcer                        carcer
carcere                       carcer
carcerem                      carcer
cardine                       cardin
careat                        careat
carebis                       careb
carens                        carens
carentis                      carent
carere                        carer
caret                         caret
cari                          car
carinae                       carin
carior                        carior
cariorem                      carior
cariores                      carior
carissimum                    carissim
caritas                       carit
caritasque                    carit
caritate                      caritat
caritatis                     caritat
carius                        car
carmen                        carmen
carmentae                     carment
carmentalis                   carmental
carmentis                     carment
carmina                       carmin
carmine                       carmin
carminibus                    carmin
carminis                      carmin
carmo                         carm
carne                         carn
carneade                      carnead
carneades                     carnead
carnificem                    carnific
carnificibus                  carnific
carnificinam                  carnificin
carnutes                      carnut
carpentis                     carpent
carpento                      carpent
carpentum                     carpent
carpere                       carper
carperent                     carpere
carperentur                   carperentur
carperet                      carperet
carpunt                       carpu
carris                        carr
carthaginem                   carthagin
carthaginienses               carthaginiens
carthaginiensium              carthaginiensi
caruentana                    caruentan
caruentanam                   caruentan
caruerimus                    caruerim
caruerit                      caruerit
caruerunt                     carueru
carum                         car
carus                         car
casa                          cas
casibus                       cas
casilinum                     casilin
casis                         cas
cassi                         cass
cassia                        cass
cassianam                     cassian
cassiepia                     cassiep
cassii                        cass
cassio                        cassi
cassios                       cassi
cassium                       cassi
cassius                       cass
cassiusque                    cass
cassum                        cass
caste                         cast
castella                      castell
castellaque                   castell
castelli                      castell
castellis                     castell
castellisque                  castell
castello                      castell
castellorum                   castellor
castellum                     castell
castellumque                  castell
castigabantur                 castigabantur
castigando                    castigand
castigantes                   castigant
castigantibus                 castigant
castigat                      castigat
castigati                     castigat
castigato                     castigat
castigator                    castigator
castigavit                    castigauit
castissimum                   castissim
castissimus                   castissim
castitas                      castit
castor                        castor
castore                       castor
castori                       castor
castoris                      castor
castra                        castr
castraque                     castr
castris                       castr
castrisque                    castr
castrorum                     castror
castrorumque                  castror
castulonensi                  castulonens
casu                          cas
casum                         cas
casune                        casun
casuque                       cas
casura                        casur
casus                         cas
casuue                        casuu
catapultis                    catapult
catenae                       caten
caterua                       cateru
cateruae                      cateru
cateruam                      cateru
cato                          cat
catone                        caton
catonem                       caton
catoni                        caton
catonis                       caton
catris                        catr
catrorum                      catror
catulo                        catul
catulum                       catul
catulus                       catul
cauas                         cau
cauato                        cauat
caudam                        caud
caudarum                      caudar
caudis                        caud
caue                          cau
caueant                       cauea
caueatur                      caueatur
cauendae                      cauend
cauendoque                    cauend
cauent                        caue
caueretur                     caueretur
cauillans                     cauillans
cauillantes                   cauillant
cauillari                     cauillar
cauisse                       cauiss
caulibus                      caul
causa                         caus
causabantur                   causabantur
causae                        caus
causaeque                     caus
causam                        caus
causamque                     caus
causarum                      causar
causarumque                   causar
causas                        caus
causasque                     caus
causatus                      causat
causaue                       causau
causis                        caus
caute                         caut
cautum                        caut
cava                          cau
cavam                         cau
cavea                         caue
caveant                       cauea
cavendum                      cauend
caverint                      caueri
cavernis                      cauern
cavetur                       cauetur
cavillatus                    cauillat
cc                            cc
ccc                           ccc
cccc                          cccc
ccxx                          ccxx
ceciderant                    cecidera
cecidere                      cecider
ceciderintue                  ceciderintu
ceciderit                     ceciderit
ceciderunt                    cecideru
cecidisse                     cecidiss
cecidisset                    cecidisset
cecidit                       cecidit
cecinere                      ceciner
cecinerit                     cecinerit
cecinisset                    cecinisset
cecinit                       cecinit
cedant                        ceda
cedat                         cedat
cedatis                       cedat
cedebant                      cedeba
cedebat                       cedebat
cedebatque                    cedebat
cedendum                      cedend
cedens                        cedens
cedentes                      cedent
cedentibus                    cedent
cedentibusque                 cedent
cedentium                     cedenti
cedere                        ceder
cederent                      cedere
cederet                       cederet
cedetis                       cedet
cedit                         cedit
ceditur                       ceditur
cedo                          ced
celanda                       celand
celant                        cela
celari                        celar
celas                         cel
celata                        celat
celauimus                     celauim
celeberrimi                   celeberrim
celebrabant                   celebraba
celebrabatur                  celebrabatur
celebrant                     celebra
celebrantes                   celebrant
celebrantur                   celebrantur
celebrare                     celebrar
celebrata                     celebrat
celebratamque                 celebrat
celebratior                   celebratior
celebratum                    celebrat
celebrauit                    celebrauit
celebre                       celebr
celebrem                      celebr
celebrique                    celebr
celebritatis                  celebritat
celerem                       celer
celeres                       celer
celeri                        celer
celeriora                     celerior
celeris                       celer
celeritas                     celerit
celeritate                    celeritat
celeritatem                   celeritat
celeritati                    celeritat
celeritatis                   celeritat
celeriter                     celeriter
celeriterque                  celeriter
celerius                      celer
celerrima                     celerrim
celerum                       celer
cella                         cell
cellam                        cell
celsos                        cels
celtarum                      celtar
celtiberiae                   celtiberi
celtiberiam                   celtiberi
celtico                       celtic
cenabat                       cenabat
cenam                         cen
cenatum                       cenat
cenomanorum                   cenomanor
censa                         cens
censeam                       cense
censeant                      censea
censeat                       censeat
censebant                     censeba
censebat                      censebat
censebatur                    censebatur
censemus                      censem
censendi                      censend
censendo                      censend
censent                       cense
censeo                        cense
censere                       censer
censerem                      censer
censerent                     censere
censeres                      censer
censes                        cens
censet                        censet
censetis                      censet
censor                        censor
censores                      censor
censoria                      censor
censoriae                     censori
censoribus                    censor
censu                         cens
censuerant                    censuera
censuere                      censuer
censui                        censu
censuit                       censuit
censum                        cens
censura                       censur
censurae                      censur
censuram                      censur
census                        cens
centauri                      centaur
centauros                     centaur
centaurus                     centaur
centesimum                    centesim
centonesque                   centon
centonibus                    centon
centum                        cent
centuria                      centur
centuriae                     centuri
centuriarum                   centuriar
centurias                     centuri
centuriasque                  centuri
centuriata                    centuriat
centuriatim                   centuriatim
centuriatis                   centuriat
centuriis                     centuri
centurio                      centuri
centurione                    centurion
centuriones                   centurion
centurionesque                centurion
centurioni                    centurion
centurionibus                 centurion
centurionibusque              centurion
centurionis                   centurion
centurionum                   centurion
centurionumque                centurion
ceperant                      cepera
ceperat                       ceperat
cepere                        ceper
ceperimus                     ceperim
ceperunt                      ceperu
cepheus                       cephe
cepisse                       cepiss
cepissent                     cepisse
cepisset                      cepisset
cepit                         cepit
cera                          cer
ceraue                        cerau
cerauniorum                   ceraunior
cerberus                      cerber
cercienses                    cerciens
cerconis                      cercon
cerebrum                      cerebr
cereis                        cere
cerere                        cerer
cererem                       cerer
cereri                        cerer
cereris                       cerer
ceres                         cer
cereum                        cere
cernatur                      cernatur
cernebant                     cerneba
cernebantur                   cernebantur
cernebat                      cernebat
cernebatur                    cernebatur
cernemus                      cernem
cernendum                     cernend
cernentes                     cernent
cernentesque                  cernent
cernenti                      cernent
cernentibus                   cernent
cernere                       cerner
cernerent                     cernere
cerneret                      cerneret
cerneretur                    cerneretur
cernes                        cern
cerni                         cern
cernimus                      cernim
cernit                        cernit
cernunt                       cernu
certa                         cert
certabatur                    certabatur
certae                        cert
certam                        cert
certamen                      certamen
certamenque                   certamen
certamina                     certamin
certamine                     certamin
certamini                     certamin
certaminibus                  certamin
certaminibusque               certamin
certaminis                    certamin
certaminum                    certamin
certamque                     cert
certando                      certand
certant                       certa
certaque                      cert
certare                       certar
certaret                      certaret
certari                       certar
certas                        cert
certasque                     cert
certasse                      certass
certassent                    certasse
certatim                      certatim
certatio                      certati
certatione                    certation
certato                       certat
certatum                      certat
certatumque                   certat
certatur                      certatur
certauerant                   certauera
certauere                     certauer
certe                         cert
certeque                      cert
certetur                      certetur
certi                         cert
certior                       certior
certiora                      certior
certiorem                     certior
certiores                     certior
certioribus                   certior
certis                        cert
certisque                     cert
certissimum                   certissim
certius                       cert
certo                         cert
certos                        cert
certum                        cert
certumque                     cert
certus                        cert
ceruices                      ceruic
cervaeque                     ceru
cervices                      ceruic
cervicibus                    ceruic
cessabant                     cessaba
cessant                       cessa
cessantium                    cessanti
cessare                       cessar
cessaret                      cessaret
cessatione                    cessation
cessatum                      cessat
cessauero                     cessauer
cessaverit                    cessauerit
cesserant                     cessera
cesserat                      cesserat
cessere                       cesser
cesserit                      cesserit
cesserunt                     cesseru
cessiset                      cessiset
cessisse                      cessiss
cessissent                    cessisse
cessissentque                 cessisse
cessisset                     cessisset
cessit                        cessit
cessura                       cessur
cessuri                       cessur
cessuros                      cessur
cetera                        ceter
ceterae                       ceter
ceteraeque                    ceter
ceteram                       ceter
ceteraque                     ceter
ceteras                       ceter
ceteri                        ceter
ceteris                       ceter
cetero                        ceter
ceteroqui                     ceteroqu
ceterorum                     ceteror
ceteros                       ceter
ceterum                       ceter
cetrati                       cetrat
cetratis                      cetrat
cetratorum                    cetrator
chalcidico                    chalcidic
chara                         char
charon                        charon
chelis                        chel
chimaerae                     chimaer
chimaeram                     chimaer
chirographum                  chirograph
chius                         ch
chordarum                     chordar
chrysippum                    chrysipp
chrysippus                    chrysipp
ciae                          ci
cibaria                       cibar
cibariis                      cibari
cibi                          cib
cibo                          cib
ciboque                       cib
ciborum                       cibor
cibum                         cib
cibumque                      cib
cibus                         cibus
cicatrices                    cicatric
cicatricesque                 cicatric
cicerone                      ciceron
cicurum                       cicur
ciebant                       cieba
ciebat                        ciebat
ciens                         ciens
ciente                        cient
cientem                       cient
cientis                       cient
cieret                        cieret
ciet                          ciet
cietur                        cietur
cilicia                       cilic
ciliciaeque                   cilici
ciliciam                      cilici
ciliciensis                   ciliciens
cilicum                       cilic
cincinnatas                   cincinnat
cincinnati                    cincinnat
cincinnatique                 cincinnat
cincinnato                    cincinnat
cincinnatum                   cincinnat
cincinnatus                   cincinnat
cinctus                       cinct
cineremque                    ciner
cingam                        cing
cingebat                      cingebat
cingentem                     cingent
cingere                       cinger
cingit                        cingit
cingitis                      cingit
cingitur                      cingitur
cingulo                       cingul
cingunt                       cingu
cinna                         cinn
circa                         circ
circam                        circ
circamoerium                  circamoeri
circaque                      circ
circe                         circ
circeios                      circei
circeiosque                   circei
circen                        circen
circiter                      circiter
circo                         circ
circuibant                    circuiba
circuire                      circuir
circuitu                      circuit
circuitum                     circuit
circulari                     circular
circulos                      circul
circulus                      circul
circum                        circ
circumacto                    circumact
circumagenti                  circumagent
circumagerent                 circumagere
circumagitur                  circumagitur
circumarauit                  circumarauit
circumcluderetur              circumcluderetur
circumcolunt                  circumcolu
circumdant                    circumda
circumdare                    circumdar
circumdari                    circumdar
circumdat                     circumdat
circumdata                    circumdat
circumdatis                   circumdat
circumdato                    circumdat
circumdatum                   circumdat
circumdatur                   circumdatur
circumdedit                   circumdedit
circumduci                    circumduc
circumductae                  circumduct
circumducti                   circumduct
circumduxit                   circumduxit
circumeo                      circume
circumeunt                    circumeu
circumferendo                 circumferend
circumferens                  circumferens
circumferentes                circumferent
circumfundat                  circumfundat
circumfundebatur              circumfundebatur
circumfundi                   circumfund
circumfusa                    circumfus
circumfusi                    circumfus
circumfusis                   circumfus
circumfuso                    circumfus
circumfusum                   circumfus
circumibat                    circumibat
circumiectis                  circumiect
circumiectu                   circumiect
circumierunt                  circumieru
circumimus                    circumim
circumire                     circumir
circumiri                     circumir
circumisse                    circumiss
circumit                      circumit
circumita                     circumit
circumitio                    circumiti
circumitus                    circumit
circumlatus                   circumlat
circummisit                   circummisit
circummissae                  circummiss
circummissis                  circummiss
circummissus                  circummiss
circummittit                  circummittit
circummunire                  circummunir
circummuniret                 circummuniret
circummunitione               circummunition
circummunitos                 circummunit
circumque                     circ
circumsaepsit                 circumsaepsit
circumscindere                circumscinder
circumscribendis              circumscribend
circumscripteque              circumscript
circumsedentibus              circumsedent
circumsederitis               circumsederit
circumsessa                   circumsess
circumsessi                   circumsess
circumsessum                  circumsess
circumsessus                  circumsess
circumsistens                 circumsistens
circumsistunt                 circumsistu
circumsonat                   circumsonat
circumspectans                circumspectans
circumspectant                circumspecta
circumspectantibus            circumspectant
circumspectantiumque          circumspectanti
circumspectare                circumspectar
circumspectarentque           circumspectare
circumspectent                circumspecte
circumspicere                 circumspicer
circumstantibus               circumstant
circumstantis                 circumstant
circumstantiumque             circumstanti
circumstarent                 circumstare
circumstaret                  circumstaret
circumsteterant               circumstetera
circumuallati                 circumuallat
circumuecti                   circumuect
circumuectus                  circumuect
circumueniri                  circumuenir
circumuenit                   circumuenit
circumueniunt                 circumueniu
circumueniuntur               circumueniuntur
circumuentam                  circumuent
circumuenti                   circumuent
circumuentos                  circumuent
circumuentum                  circumuent
circumuentus                  circumuent
circumvallare                 circumuallar
circumvallatos                circumuallat
circumvecti                   circumuect
circumveniebantur             circumueniebantur
circumvenire                  circumuenir
circumvenirentur              circumuenirentur
circumveniretur               circumueniretur
circumveniri                  circumuenir
circumveniunt                 circumueniu
circumventa                   circumuent
circumventam                  circumuent
circumventi                   circumuent
circumventos                  circumuent
circumventum                  circumuent
circumventus                  circumuent
cis                           cis
cisalpinorum                  cisalpinor
citant                        cita
citari                        citar
citat                         citat
citati                        citat
citatis                       citat
citatisque                    citat
citato                        citat
citatos                       citat
citatum                       citat
citeriore                     citerior
citeriorem                    citerior
citerioris                    citerior
citius                        cit
citra                         citr
citro                         citr
citroque                      citr
citum                         cit
ciue                          ciu
ciuem                         ciu
ciues                         ciu
ciuesque                      ciu
ciui                          ciu
ciuibus                       ciu
ciuibusque                    ciu
ciuile                        ciuil
ciuilem                       ciuil
ciuiles                       ciuil
ciuilibus                     ciuil
ciuilis                       ciuil
ciuis                         ciu
ciuitas                       ciuit
ciuitate                      ciuitat
ciuitatem                     ciuitat
ciuitates                     ciuitat
ciuitati                      ciuitat
ciuitatibus                   ciuitat
ciuitatis                     ciuitat
ciuitatium                    ciuitati
ciuium                        ciui
ciuiumque                     ciui
cius                          cius
civem                         ciu
cives                         ciu
civesque                      ciu
civibus                       ciu
civile                        ciuil
civilem                       ciuil
civiles                       ciuil
civili                        ciuil
civilibus                     ciuil
civilis                       ciuil
civis                         ciu
civitas                       ciuit
civitate                      ciuitat
civitatem                     ciuitat
civitates                     ciuitat
civitatesque                  ciuitat
civitati                      ciuitat
civitatibus                   ciuitat
civitatis                     ciuitat
civitatisque                  ciuitat
civitatium                    ciuitati
civitatum                     ciuitat
civium                        ciui
civiumque                     ciui
clade                         clad
cladem                        clad
clades                        clad
cladesque                     clad
cladibus                      clad
cladis                        clad
cladisque                     clad
cladium                       cladi
clam                          cl
clamabant                     clamaba
clamant                       clama
clamare                       clamar
clamat                        clamat
clamitabat                    clamitabat
clamitans                     clamitans
clamitant                     clamita
clamitante                    clamitant
clamitantes                   clamitant
clamitat                      clamitat
clamitatum                    clamitat
clamo                         clam
clamor                        clamor
clamore                       clamor
clamorem                      clamor
clamoremque                   clamor
clamores                      clamor
clamoribus                    clamor
clamoribusque                 clamor
clamoris                      clamor
clamorque                     clamor
clandestina                   clandestin
clandestinum                  clandestin
clangore                      clangor
clara                         clar
clarae                        clar
claram                        clar
claraque                      clar
clare                         clar
clari                         clar
clarior                       clarior
clariorem                     clarior
claris                        clar
clarissima                    clarissim
clarissimarum                 clarissimar
clarissimas                   clarissim
clarissimis                   clarissim
claro                         clar
claros                        clar
clarum                        clar
classe                        class
classem                       class
classes                       class
classesque                    class
classi                        class
classiarios                   classiari
classibus                     class
classico                      classic
classicumque                  classic
classis                       class
classium                      classi
classiumque                   classi
claua                         clau
claudebant                    claudeba
claudendas                    claudend
clauderent                    claudere
claudi                        claud
claudia                       claud
claudiae                      claudi
claudiam                      claudi
claudicat                     claudicat
claudiis                      claudi
claudio                       claudi
claudios                      claudi
claudium                      claudi
claudius                      claud
clausa                        claus
clausae                       claus
clausas                       claus
clauserant                    clausera
clauserat                     clauserat
clauserunt                    clauseru
clausis                       claus
clausit                       clausit
clauso                        claus
clausos                       claus
claustra                      claustr
clausum                       claus
clausus                       claus
claviculis                    clauicul
clavis                        clau
clavisque                     clau
cleanthe                      cleanth
cleanthen                     cleanthen
cleanthes                     cleanth
clemente                      clement
clementer                     clementer
clementia                     clement
clementiam                    clementi
cleopatra                     cleopatr
cleopatrae                    cleopatr
cleopatram                    cleopatr
clepere                       cleper
clientelas                    clientel
clientesque                   client
clienti                       client
clientibus                    client
clientibusque                 client
clientium                     clienti
clientiumque                  clienti
clipei                        clipe
clipeo                        clipe
clipeum                       clipe
cliui                         cliu
cliuo                         cliu
cliuum                        cliu
clivum                        cliu
cloacae                       cloac
cloacamque                    cloac
cloacasque                    cloac
cloacinae                     cloacin
cloacis                       cloac
clodi                         clod
clodio                        clodi
clodium                       clodi
clodius                       clod
cloelia                       cloel
cloeliam                      cloeli
cloelios                      cloeli
cloelium                      cloeli
cloelius                      cloel
cluilia                       cluil
cluilias                      cluili
cluilio                       cluili
cluilium                      cluili
cluilius                      cluil
clupea                        clupe
clupeis                       clupe
clusina                       clusin
clusini                       clusin
clusinis                      clusin
clusino                       clusin
clusinorum                    clusinor
clusinos                      clusin
clusinum                      clusin
clusium                       clusi
clxxx                         clxxx
cn                            cn
coa                           co
coaceruare                    coaceruar
coacta                        coact
coactas                       coact
coacti                        coact
coactis                       coact
coacto                        coact
coactoque                     coact
coactos                       coact
coactus                       coact
coagmenta                     coagment
coagmentatio                  coagmentati
coalescentium                 coalescenti
coalescere                    coalescer
coalescerent                  coalescere
coarguere                     coarguer
cobortibus                    cobort
cocles                        cocl
coclites                      coclit
cocta                         coct
cocti                         coct
coctis                        coct
coctusque                     coct
cocytus                       cocyt
codro                         codr
coeant                        coea
coegerant                     coegera
coegerat                      coegerat
coegerunt                     coegeru
coegimus                      coegim
coegissent                    coegisse
coegisset                     coegisset
coegit                        coegit
coelius                       coel
coemendum                     coemend
coemerent                     coemere
coemptis                      coempt
coempto                       coempt
coemptum                      coempt
coeperas                      coeper
coeperat                      coeperat
coepere                       coeper
coeperit                      coeperit
coepero                       coeper
coeperunt                     coeperu
coepi                         coep
coepimus                      coepim
coepissent                    coepisse
coepisset                     coepisset
coepit                        coepit
coepta                        coept
coeptae                       coept
coeptam                       coept
coepti                        coept
coeptis                       coept
coepto                        coept
coeptum                       coept
coeptumque                    coept
coeptus                       coept
coercebat                     coercebat
coercenda                     coercend
coercendos                    coercend
coercendum                    coercend
coerceret                     coerceret
coerceri                      coercer
coercet                       coercet
coercetur                     coercetur
coerciti                      coercit
coercitionem                  coercition
coercitos                     coercit
coercitum                     coercit
coetibus                      coet
coetu                         coet
coetum                        coet
coetus                        coet
coetusque                     coet
coeunt                        coeu
coeuntibusque                 coeunt
cogantur                      cogantur
cogat                         cogat
cogatis                       cogat
cogatur                       cogatur
cogebant                      cogeba
cogebantur                    cogebantur
cogebat                       cogebat
cogebatur                     cogebatur
cogendae                      cogend
cogendas                      cogend
cogendique                    cogend
cogendis                      cogend
cogendo                       cogend
cogendum                      cogend
cogente                       cogent
cogentibus                    cogent
cogere                        coger
cogerentur                    cogerentur
cogeret                       cogeret
cogeretur                     cogeretur
coget                         coget
cogi                          cog
cogique                       cog
cogit                         cogit
cogitabant                    cogitaba
cogitabat                     cogitabat
cogitandum                    cogitand
cogitantem                    cogitant
cogitantibus                  cogitant
cogitare                      cogitar
cogitarent                    cogitare
cogitari                      cogitar
cogitat                       cogitat
cogitatione                   cogitation
cogitationem                  cogitation
cogitationemque               cogitation
cogitationes                  cogitation
cogitationesque               cogitation
cogitationibus                cogitation
cogitationis                  cogitation
cogitatum                     cogitat
cogitauerunt                  cogitaueru
cogitaverim                   cogitauerim
cogitemus                     cogitem
cogites                       cogit
cogitet                       cogitet
cogitetis                     cogitet
cogito                        cogit
cogitur                       cogitur
cognatio                      cognati
cognatione                    cognation
cognationem                   cognation
cognationes                   cognation
cognatorum                    cognator
cognatos                      cognat
cognita                       cognit
cognitae                      cognit
cognitaque                    cognit
cogniti                       cognit
cognitio                      cogniti
cognitionem                   cognition
cognitiones                   cognition
cognitioque                   cogniti
cognitis                      cognit
cognito                       cognit
cognitoque                    cognit
cognitum                      cognit
cognitus                      cognit
cognomen                      cognomen
cognomenque                   cognomen
cognominem                    cognomin
cognominis                    cognomin
cognoscant                    cognosca
cognosce                      cognosc
cognoscebant                  cognosceba
cognoscendam                  cognoscend
cognoscendi                   cognoscend
cognoscendis                  cognoscend
cognoscendum                  cognoscend
cognoscentibus                cognoscent
cognoscentur                  cognoscentur
cognosceret                   cognosceret
cognosceretur                 cognosceretur
cognosci                      cognosc
cognoscit                     cognoscit
cognoscitur                   cognoscitur
cognoscunt                    cognoscu
cognoscuntur                  cognoscuntur
cognosset                     cognosset
cognouerat                    cognouerat
cognouit                      cognouit
cognoverant                   cognouera
cognoverat                    cognouerat
cognovero                     cognouer
cognovimus                    cognouim
cognovissent                  cognouisse
cognovisset                   cognouisset
cognovit                      cognouit
cogunt                        cogu
coguntur                      coguntur
cohaerendi                    cohaerend
cohaerentem                   cohaerent
cohaerentia                   cohaerent
cohaerentiam                  cohaerenti
cohaerere                     cohaerer
cohaerescunt                  cohaerescu
cohaeret                      cohaeret
cohibere                      cohiber
cohibuisse                    cohibuiss
cohors                        cohors
cohorsque                     cohors
cohortabatur                  cohortabatur
cohortamur                    cohortamur
cohortandis                   cohortand
cohortantur                   cohortantur
cohortaretur                  cohortaretur
cohortationes                 cohortation
cohortatur                    cohortatur
cohortatus                    cohortat
cohorte                       cohort
cohortem                      cohort
cohortemque                   cohort
cohortes                      cohort
cohortesque                   cohort
cohorti                       cohort
cohortibua                    cohortibu
cohortibus                    cohort
cohortibusque                 cohort
cohortis                      cohort
cohortium                     cohorti
coibant                       coiba
coiciantur                    coiciantur
coiere                        coier
coinquinari                   coinquinar
coire                         coir
coit                          coit
coitionem                     coition
coitiones                     coition
coitionibus                   coition
colamus                       colam
colant                        cola
colat                         colat
colchis                       colch
colebant                      coleba
colebanturque                 colebantur
colebat                       colebat
colendam                      colend
colendi                       colend
colendis                      colend
colendorum                    colendor
colendos                      colend
colentium                     colenti
colere                        coler
coleremus                     colerem
colerent                      colere
colerentur                    colerentur
coleretur                     coleretur
coli                          col
colimus                       colim
colique                       col
colis                         col
colitur                       colitur
colla                         coll
collabefieret                 collabefieret
collata                       collat
collatia                      collat
collatiae                     collati
collatiam                     collati
collatine                     collatin
collatino                     collatin
collatinos                    collatin
collatinum                    collatin
collatinus                    collatin
collatione                    collation
collatisque                   collat
collaudat                     collaudat
collaudatumque                collaudat
collaudatur                   collaudatur
colle                         coll
collecta                      collect
collecti                      collect
collectis                     collect
collectum                     collect
collega                       colleg
collegae                      colleg
collegaeque                   colleg
collegam                      colleg
collegamque                   colleg
collegarum                    collegar
collegas                      colleg
collegasque                   colleg
collegii                      colleg
collegio                      collegi
collegis                      colleg
collegisque                   colleg
collegissent                  collegisse
collegium                     collegi
collegiumque                  collegi
collem                        coll
colles                        coll
collesque                     coll
colli                         coll
collibitum                    collibit
collibus                      coll
collibusque                   coll
colliga                       collig
colligant                     colliga
colligantur                   colligantur
colligens                     colligens
colligere                     colliger
colligerent                   colligere
colligunt                     colligu
collina                       collin
collinam                      collin
collis                        coll
collo                         coll
collocabat                    collocabat
collocantur                   collocantur
collocat                      collocat
collocatae                    collocat
collocati                     collocat
collocatis                    collocat
collocatisque                 collocat
collocatum                    collocat
collocaverat                  collocauerat
collocavit                    collocauit
collocentur                   collocentur
collocuti                     collocut
colloquendi                   colloquend
colloqueretur                 colloqueretur
colloqui                      colloqu
colloquia                     colloqu
colloquii                     colloqu
colloquiis                    colloqui
colloquiisque                 colloqui
colloquio                     colloqui
colloquiorum                  colloquior
colloquitur                   colloquitur
colloquium                    colloqui
colloquuntur                  colloquuntur
collorum                      collor
collucent                     colluce
collum                        coll
coloni                        colon
colonia                       colon
coloniae                      coloni
coloniam                      coloni
coloniaque                    colon
coloniarum                    coloniar
coloniarumque                 coloniar
colonias                      coloni
colonicae                     colonic
coloniis                      coloni
colonis                       colon
colonorum                     colonor
colonorumque                  colonor
colonos                       colon
colorare                      colorar
coloratis                     colorat
colore                        color
colorum                       color
coluit                        coluit
columellae                    columell
columen                       columen
columna                       column
columnaria                    columnar
colunt                        colu
coluntur                      coluntur
coma                          com
comburat                      comburat
combustae                     combust
combusti                      combust
comem                         com
comes                         com
comesque                      com
comesse                       comess
comicae                       comic
cominium                      comini
cominius                      comin
cominus                       comin
comisantium                   comisanti
comisationibusque             comisation
comitante                     comitant
comitantibus                  comitant
comitate                      comitat
comitatem                     comitat
comitati                      comitat
comitatu                      comitat
comitatus                     comitat
comite                        comit
comitem                       comit
comiter                       comiter
comites                       comit
comitesque                    comit
comitia                       comit
comitiales                    comitial
comitiali                     comitial
comitiis                      comiti
comitiisque                   comiti
comitio                       comiti
comitiorum                    comitior
comitium                      comiti
comitum                       comit
commageno                     commagen
commeans                      commeans
commeant                      commea
commeantem                    commeant
commeantibus                  commeant
commeare                      commear
commeatibus                   commeat
commeatu                      commeat
commeatum                     commeat
commeatumque                  commeat
commeatus                     commeat
commeatusque                  commeat
commemorabantur               commemorabantur
commemorabas                  commemorab
commemorabat                  commemorabat
commemorabatur                commemorabatur
commemorabilia                commemorabil
commemorare                   commemorar
commemorari                   commemorar
commemorasse                  commemorass
commemorat                    commemorat
commemoravi                   commemorau
commemoravit                  commemorauit
commemorem                    commemor
commendabant                  commendaba
commendant                    commenda
commendantes                  commendant
commendationis                commendation
commendatum                   commendat
commendavit                   commendauit
commenta                      comment
commentariis                  commentari
commentarios                  commentari
commenticia                   commentic
commenticiarum                commenticiar
commenticiasque               commentici
commenticios                  commentici
commenticium                  commentici
commento                      comment
commentus                     comment
commercio                     commerci
commigrasse                   commigrass
commigravit                   commigrauit
commigrent                    commigre
commilitesque                 commilit
commilitones                  commiliton
commilitonum                  commiliton
comminus                      commin
commiscendorum                commiscendor
commiscerent                  commiscere
commisere                     commiser
commisisse                    commisiss
commisisset                   commisisset
commisit                      commisit
commissa                      commiss
commisso                      commiss
commissum                     commiss
commissuras                   commissur
commissuri                    commissur
commissuros                   commissur
commissurum                   commissur
committatur                   committatur
committendae                  committend
committendam                  committend
committendum                  committend
committentes                  committent
committere                    committer
committerent                  committere
committerentur                committerentur
committeret                   committeret
committeretur                 committeretur
committunt                    committu
commoda                       commod
commodi                       commod
commodiore                    commodior
commodiorem                   commodior
commodioreque                 commodior
commodis                      commod
commodissimam                 commodissim
commoditas                    commodit
commoditate                   commoditat
commoditatem                  commoditat
commoditates                  commoditat
commodius                     commod
commodorum                    commodor
commodum                      commod
commoliar                     commoliar
commorati                     commorat
commoratus                    commorat
commota                       commot
commoti                       commot
commotus                      commot
commouent                     commoue
commouerit                    commouerit
commouit                      commouit
commovendos                   commouend
commoveri                     commouer
commoverim                    commouerim
commoverit                    commouerit
commune                       commun
communem                      commun
communemque                   commun
communes                      commun
communi                       commun
communia                      commun
communibus                    commun
communicando                  communicand
communicant                   communica
communicare                   communicar
communicata                   communicat
communicati                   communicat
communicatis                  communicat
communicatum                  communicat
communiendo                   communiend
communierant                  communiera
communirent                   communire
communis                      commun
communisset                   communisset
communit                      communit
communitam                    communit
communitas                    communit
communiter                    communiter
communitis                    communit
communivere                   communiuer
communivit                    communiuit
commutabilem                  commutabil
commutabilis                  commutabil
commutandam                   commutand
commutari                     commutar
commutat                      commutat
commutata                     commutat
commutatio                    commutati
commutationem                 commutation
commutationes                 commutation
commutato                     commutat
commutavit                    commutauit
compar                        compar
comparabant                   comparaba
comparabas                    comparab
comparanda                    comparand
comparandas                   comparand
comparandi                    comparand
comparando                    comparand
comparandum                   comparand
comparare                     comparar
compararet                    compararet
compararetur                  compararetur
compararim                    compararim
comparat                      comparat
comparata                     comparat
comparatam                    comparat
comparatas                    comparat
comparati                     comparat
comparatis                    comparat
comparato                     comparat
comparatos                    comparat
comparatum                    comparat
comparauerant                 comparauera
comparaverat                  comparauerat
comparavere                   comparauer
comparavit                    comparauit
compecto                      compect
compellans                    compellans
compellere                    compeller
compelleretur                 compelleretur
compelli                      compell
compellunt                    compellu
compelluntur                  compelluntur
compendio                     compendi
compererit                    compererit
comperio                      comperi
comperisse                    comperiss
comperisset                   comperisset
comperit                      comperit
compertam                     compert
compertum                     compert
compertumque                  compert
compescere                    compescer
compleat                      compleat
complebant                    compleba
complebantur                  complebantur
complent                      comple
complere                      compler
complesset                    complesset
complet                       complet
completas                     complet
completis                     complet
completur                     completur
compleuerant                  compleuera
compleverat                   compleuerat
compleverit                   compleuerit
compleverunt                  compleueru
complevit                     compleuit
complexa                      complex
complexu                      complex
complexum                     complex
complexus                     complex
complorati                    complorat
comploratio                   complorati
comploratione                 comploration
complura                      complur
complures                     complur
compluresque                  complur
compluribus                   complur
compluris                     complur
componantur                   componantur
componendasque                componend
componere                     componer
componeretur                  componeretur
comportabatur                 comportabatur
comportarat                   comportarat
comportare                    comportar
comportari                    comportar
composita                     composit
compositam                    composit
compositione                  composition
compositis                    composit
composito                     composit
compositum                    composit
composque                     comp
composuit                     composuit
compotem                      compot
compotemque                   compot
compotes                      compot
compotesque                   compot
compotum                      compot
comprehendere                 comprehender
comprehendi                   comprehend
comprehenditur                comprehenditur
comprehendunt                 comprehendu
comprehensi                   comprehens
comprehensis                  comprehens
comprehensisque               comprehens
comprehensos                  comprehens
comprehensum                  comprehens
comprendere                   comprender
comprensa                     comprens
comprensis                    comprens
compressa                     compress
compressi                     compress
compressit                    compressit
comprimendam                  comprimend
comprimendas                  comprimend
comprimendos                  comprimend
comprimerent                  comprimere
comprobata                    comprobat
comprobaverunt                comprobaueru
compulere                     compuler
compulerim                    compulerim
compulissent                  compulisse
compulisset                   compulisset
compulit                      compulit
compulsi                      compuls
compulsis                     compuls
compulso                      compuls
compulsos                     compuls
compulsum                     compuls
conabantur                    conabantur
conabatur                     conabatur
conanda                       conand
conandum                      conand
conantem                      conant
conantes                      conant
conarentur                    conarentur
conaretur                     conaretur
conati                        conat
conatibus                     conat
conatis                       conat
conatos                       conat
conatu                        conat
conatum                       conat
conatur                       conatur
conatus                       conat
conatusque                    conat
concalluit                    concalluit
concavas                      concau
concedam                      conced
concedamus                    concedam
concedant                     conceda
concedantur                   concedantur
concedatur                    concedatur
concedendo                    concedend
concedendum                   concedend
concedens                     concedens
concedente                    concedent
concedentibus                 concedent
concedere                     conceder
concederet                    concederet
concedi                       conced
concedimus                    concedim
concedo                       conced
concelebrabant                concelebraba
concelebrant                  concelebra
concentus                     concent
conceperit                    conceperit
concepisse                    concepiss
concepit                      concepit
concepta                      concept
conceptas                     concept
conceptum                     concept
concertavisse                 concertauiss
concessa                      concess
concessere                    concesser
concesserit                   concesserit
concessimus                   concessim
concessisset                  concessisset
concessit                     concessit
concesso                      concess
concessum                     concess
concessumque                  concess
concham                       conch
conchis                       conch
conciderit                    conciderit
concidi                       concid
concidisset                   concidisset
concidit                      concidit
concienda                     conciend
conciendo                     conciend
concientque                   concie
concierat                     concierat
conciet                       conciet
concilia                      concil
conciliabat                   conciliabat
concilianda                   conciliand
conciliando                   conciliand
conciliandos                  conciliand
conciliare                    conciliar
conciliarent                  conciliare
conciliaret                   conciliaret
conciliat                     conciliat
conciliata                    conciliat
conciliatrix                  conciliatrix
conciliavit                   conciliauit
concilient                    concilie
concilii                      concil
conciliis                     concili
conciliisque                  concili
concilio                      concili
concilioque                   concili
concilium                     concili
concinentibus                 concinent
concinere                     conciner
concinerent                   concinere
concinneque                   concinn
concipere                     conciper
conciperent                   concipere
concipiat                     concipiat
concipiendique                concipiend
concipiendum                  concipiend
concipientem                  concipient
concipio                      concipi
concipitur                    concipitur
concirent                     concire
concisse                      conciss
concitabant                   concitaba
concitandum                   concitand
concitant                     concita
concitante                    concitant
concitantem                   concitant
concitare                     concitar
concitari                     concitar
concitasset                   concitasset
concitat                      concitat
concitata                     concitat
concitatae                    concitat
concitati                     concitat
concitationes                 concitation
concitatis                    concitat
concitato                     concitat
concitatos                    concitat
concitatum                    concitat
concitatur                    concitatur
concitaturum                  concitatur
concitaturus                  concitatur
concitauit                    concitauit
concitaverat                  concitauerat
concitaverint                 concitaueri
concitent                     concite
concitum                      concit
conciuerat                    conciuerat
conciuit                      conciuit
conclamant                    conclama
conclamantibus                conclamant
conclamaretur                 conclamaretur
conclamari                    conclamar
conclamasset                  conclamasset
conclamat                     conclamat
conclamatione                 conclamation
conclamatis                   conclamat
conclamatum                   conclamat
conclamatur                   conclamatur
conclamauerant                conclamauera
conclamauerunt                conclamaueru
conclamauit                   conclamauit
concludatur                   concludatur
concludere                    concluder
concludi                      conclud
concludimus                   concludim
concludit                     concludit
concluditur                   concluditur
concluduntur                  concluduntur
conclusa                      conclus
conclusae                     conclus
conclusio                     conclusi
conclusione                   conclusion
conclusisti                   conclusist
conclusit                     conclusit
concoquatur                   concoquatur
concoquere                    concoquer
concoqui                      concoqu
concordem                     concord
concordi                      concord
concordia                     concord
concordiae                    concordi
concordiaeque                 concordi
concordiam                    concordi
concordiamque                 concordi
concordiusque                 concord
concors                       concors
concoxerit                    concoxerit
concremari                    concremar
concrematuros                 concrematur
concresceret                  concresceret
concreti                      concret
concretionem                  concretion
concreto                      concret
concretos                     concret
concretum                     concret
concretus                     concret
concubitus                    concubit
concucurrissent               concucurrisse
concupiscendum                concupiscend
concupisceret                 concupisceret
concupistis                   concupist
concurrebant                  concurreba
concurrentibus                concurrent
concurrentium                 concurrenti
concurrerent                  concurrere
concurreret                   concurreret
concurrerunt                  concurreru
concurri                      concurr
concurrit                     concurrit
concurrunt                    concurru
concursantesque               concursant
concursantibus                concursant
concursare                    concursar
concursatio                   concursati
concursione                   concursion
concursu                      concurs
concursum                     concurs
concursumque                  concurs
concursus                     concurs
concursusque                  concurs
concussa                      concuss
concusserat                   concusserat
condemnaretur                 condemnaretur
condemnassent                 condemnasse
condemnat                     condemnat
condemnati                    condemnat
condemnatis                   condemnat
condenda                      condend
condendae                     condend
condendaeque                  condend
condendi                      condend
condendis                     condend
condentium                    condenti
condere                       conder
conderetur                    conderetur
condi                         cond
condicio                      condici
condicione                    condicion
condicionem                   condicion
condiciones                   condicion
condicionibus                 condicion
condicionis                   condicion
condidere                     condider
condidimus                    condidim
condidit                      condidit
condiscipulus                 condiscipul
condita                       condit
conditae                      condit
conditam                      condit
conditas                      condit
conditiones                   condition
conditorem                    conditor
conditoremque                 conditor
conditores                    conditor
conditoris                    conditor
conditorque                   conditor
conditum                      condit
condixit                      condixit
condocefactis                 condocefact
condonarent                   condonare
conducto                      conduct
conductoribus                 conductor
condunt                       condu
conduxit                      conduxit
conectere                     conecter
conentur                      conentur
conexa                        conex
confecerat                    confecerat
confecerunt                   confeceru
confecisse                    confeciss
confecit                      confecit
confecta                      confect
confecti                      confect
confectione                   confection
confectis                     confect
confecto                      confect
confector                     confector
confectosque                  confect
confectum                     confect
confectus                     confect
conferamus                    conferam
conferant                     confera
conferantur                   conferantur
conferas                      confer
conferebatur                  conferebatur
conferenda                    conferend
conferendi                    conferend
conferendo                    conferend
conferentibus                 conferent
conferre                      conferr
conferrem                     conferr
conferrent                    conferre
conferret                     conferret
conferri                      conferr
confert                       confert
conferta                      confert
conferti                      confert
confertis                     confert
confertissima                 confertissim
confertissimam                confertissim
confertos                     confert
confertum                     confert
confertur                     confertur
conferunt                     conferu
confessio                     confessi
confessionemque               confession
confessus                     confess
confestim                     confestim
confestimque                  confestim
conficere                     conficer
conficerent                   conficere
conficerentur                 conficerentur
conficeret                    conficeret
confici                       confic
conficiant                    conficia
conficiat                     conficiat
conficiemus                   conficiem
conficiendam                  conficiend
conficiendi                   conficiend
conficiendumque               conficiend
conficiensque                 conficiens
conficientem                  conficient
conficit                      conficit
conficiunt                    conficiu
conficiuntur                  conficiuntur
confidamus                    confidam
confidebant                   confideba
confidebas                    confideb
confidebat                    confidebat
confidere                     confider
confiderent                   confidere
confideret                    confideret
confidimus                    confidim
confido                       confid
confieret                     confieret
confinem                      confin
confirmandae                  confirmand
confirmandam                  confirmand
confirmandorum                confirmandor
confirmandos                  confirmand
confirmandum                  confirmand
confirmant                    confirma
confirmantur                  confirmantur
confirmare                    confirmar
confirmaret                   confirmaret
confirmaretur                 confirmaretur
confirmari                    confirmar
confirmasse                   confirmass
confirmassent                 confirmasse
confirmat                     confirmat
confirmata                    confirmat
confirmatione                 confirmation
confirmatiorem                confirmatior
confirmatis                   confirmat
confirmatisque                confirmat
confirmatur                   confirmatur
confirmatus                   confirmat
confirmauit                   confirmauit
confirmaverunt                confirmaueru
confirmavisset                confirmauisset
confirmavit                   confirmauit
confirmentur                  confirmentur
confirmo                      confirm
confisi                       confis
confisus                      confis
confitemini                   confitemin
confitendum                   confitend
confiteremur                  confiteremur
confiteri                     confiter
confixae                      confix
conflabant                    conflaba
conflagrasse                  conflagrass
conflata                      conflat
conflictarentur               conflictarentur
conflictati                   conflictat
conflictu                     conflict
confligant                    confliga
confligendum                  confligend
confligere                    confliger
confligerent                  confligere
confligeretur                 confligeretur
confligitur                   confligitur
confligunt                    confligu
conflixerunt                  conflixeru
conflixit                     conflixit
confluentes                   confluent
confluentibus                 confluent
confluunt                     confluu
confodere                     confoder
conformatio                   conformati
conformationem                conformation
conformatum                   conformat
confossos                     confoss
confragosisque                confragos
confugerant                   confugera
confugere                     confuger
confugerent                   confugere
confugerunt                   confugeru
confugiebant                  confugieba
confugimus                    confugim
confugis                      confug
confugisse                    confugiss
confugissem                   confugiss
confugisset                   confugisset
confugitis                    confugit
confugiunt                    confugiu
confundi                      confund
confundique                   confund
confundit                     confundit
confunditur                   confunditur
confusa                       confus
confuse                       confus
confusi                       confus
confusiones                   confusion
confuso                       confus
confusus                      confus
confutare                     confutar
congesta                      congest
congesticius                  congestic
congestis                     congest
congesturos                   congestur
conglaciaret                  conglaciaret
conglobata                    conglobat
conglobati                    conglobat
conglobatur                   conglobatur
congratulantur                congratulantur
congrederentur                congrederentur
congredi                      congred
congrediens                   congrediens
congregabantur                congregabantur
congregat                     congregat
congregatae                   congregat
congregati                    congregat
congregato                    congregat
congressae                    congress
congressi                     congress
congressu                     congress
congressum                    congress
congressune                   congressun
congressuque                  congress
congressus                    congress
congruens                     congruens
congruentem                   congruent
congruentes                   congruent
congruere                     congruer
congruerent                   congruere
coni                          con
conicere                      conicer
conicerent                    conicere
coniceretur                   coniceretur
conici                        conic
coniciebant                   conicieba
conicientium                  conicienti
conicio                       conici
conicitis                     conicit
coniciunt                     coniciu
coniecere                     coniecer
coniecerunt                   conieceru
coniecisset                   coniecisset
coniecit                      coniecit
coniecta                      coniect
coniectae                     coniect
coniectans                    coniectans
coniectantibus                coniectant
coniectis                     coniect
coniecto                      coniect
coniectores                   coniector
coniectum                     coniect
coniectura                    coniectur
coniectus                     coniect
coniiunxit                    coniiunxit
conisi                        conis
conisus                       conis
coniuge                       coniug
coniugem                      coniug
coniuges                      coniug
coniugesque                   coniug
coniugia                      coniug
coniugibus                    coniug
coniugum                      coniug
coniuncta                     coniunct
coniunctam                    coniunct
coniunctas                    coniunct
coniuncti                     coniunct
coniunctio                    coniuncti
coniunctione                  coniunction
coniunctis                    coniunct
coniunctius                   coniunct
coniuncto                     coniunct
coniunctos                    coniunct
coniunctum                    coniunct
coniungere                    coniunger
coniungeret                   coniungeret
coniungi                      coniung
coniungitur                   coniungitur
coniungunt                    coniungu
coniunx                       coniunx
coniunxerant                  coniunxera
coniunxerat                   coniunxerat
coniunxissent                 coniunxisse
coniunxisset                  coniunxisset
coniunxit                     coniunxit
coniunxque                    coniunx
coniurare                     coniurar
coniurarunt                   coniuraru
coniurasse                    coniurass
coniurati                     coniurat
coniuratione                  coniuration
coniurationem                 coniuration
coniurationesque              coniuration
coniurationis                 coniuration
coniuratique                  coniurat
coniuratis                    coniurat
coniuratorum                  coniurator
coniuratosque                 coniurat
coniurauimus                  coniurauim
coniux                        coniux
coniveam                      coniue
coniventibus                  coniuent
coniveres                     coniuer
conixi                        conix
conixus                       conix
conlata                       conlat
conlatas                      conlat
conlatio                      conlati
conlatione                    conlation
conlationem                   conlation
conlatis                      conlat
conlatisque                   conlat
conlato                       conlat
conlatum                      conlat
conlaturos                    conlatur
conlaudante                   conlaudant
conlaudari                    conlaudar
conlaudatis                   conlaudat
conlaudatisque                conlaudat
conlaudatos                   conlaudat
conlectis                     conlect
conlectum                     conlect
conlidique                    conlid
conligataeque                 conligat
conlocat                      conlocat
conloquentibus                conloquent
conloquia                     conloqu
conloquiis                    conloqui
conloquio                     conloqui
conloquium                    conloqui
conloquuntur                  conloquuntur
conluceat                     conluceat
conlucens                     conlucens
conlustrans                   conlustrans
conluuio                      conluui
conluuione                    conluuion
conluvionem                   conluuion
connititur                    connititur
conparans                     conparans
conparant                     conpara
conparatis                    conparat
conpensatione                 conpensation
conpilant                     conpila
conplectimur                  conplectimur
conplexa                      conplex
conplexu                      conplex
conplexum                     conplex
conplexus                     conplex
conpositio                    conpositi
conpositiones                 conposition
conprehendatur                conprehendatur
conprehende                   conprehend
conprehendendum               conprehendend
conprehendere                 conprehender
conprehendimus                conprehendim
conprehensio                  conprehensi
conprehensumque               conprehens
conprendentemque              conprendent
conprimam                     conprim
conprimimus                   conprimim
conprobabimus                 conprobabim
conprobare                    conprobar
conquerebantur                conquerebantur
conquerens                    conquerens
conquesti                     conquest
conquestus                    conquest
conquiescere                  conquiescer
conquiescit                   conquiescit
conquieverit                  conquieuerit
conquirant                    conquira
conquirerent                  conquirere
conquiri                      conquir
conquirit                     conquirit
conquisitis                   conquisit
conquisitum                   conquisit
conrepitis                    conrepit
conrumpitur                   conrumpitur
consalutant                   consaluta
consalutauerat                consalutauerat
consanguineis                 consanguine
consanguineorum               consanguineor
consanguineos                 consanguine
consanguinitate               consanguinitat
consceleratos                 conscelerat
conscenderant                 conscendera
conscenderat                  conscenderat
conscendere                   conscender
conscenderent                 conscendere
conscenderunt                 conscenderu
conscendimus                  conscendim
conscendissent                conscendisse
conscendit                    conscendit
conscendunt                   conscendu
conscientia                   conscient
conscientiae                  conscienti
conscientiam                  conscienti
conscii                       consc
conscisceremus                consciscerem
consciscoque                  conscisc
conscisse                     consciss
consciuit                     consciuit
conscius                      consc
conscribebatur                conscribebatur
conscribendas                 conscribend
conscribendos                 conscribend
conscribi                     conscrib
conscribitur                  conscribitur
conscripsisse                 conscripsiss
conscriptae                   conscript
conscriptam                   conscript
conscripti                    conscript
conscripto                    conscript
conscriptos                   conscript
consecrabant                  consecraba
consecrata                    consecrat
consecratae                   consecrat
consecratam                   consecrat
consecrati                    consecrat
consecratur                   consecratur
consecratus                   consecrat
consecrauisse                 consecrauiss
consecraverant                consecrauera
consecraverunt                consecraueru
consecremus                   consecrem
consecro                      consecr
consectabantur                consectabantur
consecutae                    consecut
consecuti                     consecut
consecutum                    consecut
consecutus                    consecut
consederant                   consedera
consederat                    consederat
consedere                     conseder
consedisse                    consediss
consedissent                  consedisse
consedisset                   consedisset
consedit                      consedit
consenescat                   consenescat
consenserant                  consensera
consenserint                  consenseri
consensio                     consensi
consensisse                   consensiss
consensit                     consensit
consensu                      consens
consensum                     consens
consensumque                  consens
consensuque                   consens
consensus                     consens
consentaneas                  consentane
consentaneum                  consentane
consentiant                   consentia
consentiens                   consentiens
consentiente                  consentient
consentio                     consenti
consentire                    consentir
consentiret                   consentiret
consentit                     consentit
consenuerat                   consenuerat
consenuerint                  consenueri
consequatur                   consequatur
consequens                    consequens
consequentium                 consequenti
consequerentur                consequerentur
consequetur                   consequetur
consequi                      consequ
consequitur                   consequitur
conserere                     conserer
consererent                   conserere
conserit                      conserit
conseritur                    conseritur
consertis                     consert
conseruata                    conseruat
conservanda                   conseruand
conservandi                   conseruand
conservans                    conseruans
conservant                    conserua
conservare                    conseruar
conservari                    conseruar
conservarit                   conseruarit
conservat                     conseruat
conservati                    conseruat
conservatio                   conseruati
conservatione                 conseruation
conservationem                conseruation
conservationemque             conseruation
conservatis                   conseruat
conservatos                   conseruat
conservatum                   conseruat
conservatur                   conseruatur
conservatus                   conseruat
conservavit                   conseruauit
conservent                    conserue
consessu                      consess
considera                     consider
considerantis                 considerant
considerare                   considerar
consideratius                 considerat
considere                     consider
consideremus                  considerem
consideres                    consider
consideret                    consideret
considero                     consider
considius                     consid
considunt                     considu
consilia                      consil
consiliandi                   consiliand
consiliantibus                consiliant
consiliaque                   consil
consilii                      consil
consiliis                     consili
consiliisque                  consili
consilio                      consili
consilioque                   consili
consiliorum                   consilior
consilique                    consil
consilium                     consili
consiliumque                  consili
consimilem                    consimil
consistat                     consistat
consistendi                   consistend
consistere                    consister
consisterent                  consistere
consisteret                   consisteret
consistit                     consistit
consistunt                    consistu
consociant                    consocia
consociasset                  consociasset
consociatos                   consociat
consolamur                    consolamur
consolantur                   consolantur
consolatus                    consolat
consortio                     consorti
conspecta                     conspect
conspectius                   conspect
conspectu                     conspect
conspectum                    conspect
conspectus                    conspect
conspersum                    conspers
conspexerat                   conspexerat
conspexerunt                  conspexeru
conspexissent                 conspexisse
conspexisset                  conspexisset
conspexit                     conspexit
conspicatae                   conspicat
conspicataeque                conspicat
conspicati                    conspicat
conspicatus                   conspicat
conspicerent                  conspicere
conspici                      conspic
conspicit                     conspicit
conspiciuntur                 conspiciuntur
conspicuum                    conspicu
conspirans                    conspirans
conspirare                    conspirar
conspirasse                   conspirass
conspiratione                 conspiration
conspirationi                 conspiration
conspirtati                   conspirtat
constabant                    constaba
constabat                     constabat
constans                      constans
constansque                   constans
constant                      consta
constanti                     constant
constantia                    constant
constantiae                   constanti
constantiam                   constanti
constantiamque                constanti
constantique                  constant
constantis                    constant
constantissimae               constantissim
constantissimamque            constantissim
constantissime                constantissim
constantissimo                constantissim
constantius                   constant
constare                      constar
constarent                    constare
constaret                     constaret
constat                       constat
consternata                   consternat
consternatoque                consternat
consternatus                  consternat
consternitur                  consternitur
constet                       constet
constetque                    constet
constiteram                   constiter
constiterant                  constitera
constiterat                   constiterat
constitere                    constiter
constiterunt                  constiteru
constitisse                   constitiss
constitissent                 constitisse
constitisset                  constitisset
constitit                     constitit
constituebat                  constituebat
constituerant                 constituera
constituerat                  constituerat
constituerentur               constituerentur
constitueret                  constitueret
constituerunt                 constitueru
constitui                     constitu
constituique                  constitu
constituisset                 constituisset
constituistis                 constituist
constituit                    constituit
constituitur                  constituitur
constituta                    constitut
constitutae                   constitut
constitutas                   constitut
constituti                    constitut
constitutis                   constitut
constituto                    constitut
constitutus                   constitut
constituunt                   constituu
constituuntque                constituu
constrata                     constrat
constratae                    constrat
constraverunt                 constraueru
constricti                    constrict
constructis                   construct
constructum                   construct
construi                      constru
construunt                    construu
consualia                     consual
consuerant                    consuera
consuerat                     consuerat
consuerit                     consuerit
consuerunt                    consueru
consuesset                    consuesset
consueta                      consuet
consueti                      consuet
consuetis                     consuet
consuetudine                  consuetudin
consuetudinem                 consuetudin
consuetudinemque              consuetudin
consuetudinis                 consuetudin
consuetudo                    consuetud
consuetudoque                 consuetud
consuetum                     consuet
consueverant                  consueuera
consueverat                   consueuerat
consuevit                     consueuit
consul                        consul
consulantne                   consulantn
consulare                     consular
consularem                    consular
consulares                    consular
consularesque                 consular
consulari                     consular
consularia                    consular
consulariaque                 consular
consularibus                  consular
consularis                    consular
consulariter                  consulariter
consularium                   consulari
consulatibus                  consulat
consulatu                     consulat
consulatum                    consulat
consulatur                    consulatur
consulatus                    consulat
consulatusque                 consulat
consule                       consul
consulebant                   consuleba
consulebat                    consulebat
consulebatur                  consulebatur
consulem                      consul
consulemus                    consulem
consulendi                    consulend
consulendo                    consulend
consulendum                   consulend
consulentium                  consulenti
consulere                     consuler
consulerent                   consulere
consulerentur                 consulerentur
consuleret                    consuleret
consules                      consul
consulesne                    consulesn
consulesque                   consul
consuli                       consul
consulibus                    consul
consulibusque                 consul
consulimus                    consulim
consulis                      consul
consulitur                    consulitur
consulta                      consult
consultabant                  consultaba
consultanda                   consultand
consultandam                  consultand
consultando                   consultand
consultandum                  consultand
consultant                    consulta
consultantes                  consultant
consultare                    consultar
consultatio                   consultati
consulti                      consult
consultis                     consult
consultissimus                consultissim
consulto                      consult
consultrix                    consultrix
consultum                     consult
consulturum                   consultur
consuluisse                   consuluiss
consuluit                     consuluit
consulum                      consul
consulunt                     consulu
consumantur                   consumantur
consumat                      consumat
consumere                     consumer
consumerentur                 consumerentur
consumi                       consum
consumit                      consumit
consumitur                    consumitur
consumpserant                 consumpsera
consumpserat                  consumpserat
consumpsimus                  consumpsim
consumpsit                    consumpsit
consumptis                    consumpt
consumpto                     consumpt
consumptor                    consumptor
consumptum                    consumpt
consumptus                    consumpt
consumunt                     consumu
consurgere                    consurger
consurgit                     consurgit
consurgitur                   consurgitur
consurrexerunt                consurrexeru
contabulationem               contabulation
contabulationis               contabulation
contacta                      contact
contagio                      contagi
contagione                    contagion
contaminari                   contaminar
contaminata                   contaminat
contaminatam                  contaminat
contaminatosque               contaminat
contectaque                   contect
contegitur                    contegitur
conteguntur                   conteguntur
contemnant                    contemna
contemnendae                  contemnend
contemnendam                  contemnend
contemnendus                  contemnend
contemnere                    contemner
contemnerent                  contemnere
contemnet                     contemnet
contemni                      contemn
contemnis                     contemn
contemnit                     contemnit
contemplandis                 contempland
contemplari                   contemplar
contemplati                   contemplat
contemplatione                contemplation
contemplatusque               contemplat
contemplere                   contempler
contempserant                 contempsera
contempsere                   contempser
contempserint                 contempseri
contemptim                    contemptim
contemptione                  contemption
contemptionem                 contemption
contemptior                   contemptior
contemptius                   contempt
contemptor                    contemptor
contemptu                     contempt
contemptum                    contempt
contemptuque                  contempt
contempturum                  contemptur
contendantque                 contenda
contendat                     contendat
contendatis                   contendat
contendebant                  contendeba
contendens                    contendens
contenderant                  contendera
contendere                    contender
contenderent                  contendere
contenderet                   contenderet
contenderetur                 contenderetur
contenderunt                  contenderu
contendisset                  contendisset
contendit                     contendit
contenditur                   contenditur
contendunt                    contendu
contenta                      content
contentamque                  content
contenti                      content
contentio                     contenti
contentione                   contention
contentionem                  contention
contentiones                  contention
contentionibus                contention
contentionum                  contention
contentum                     content
contentus                     content
conterritis                   conterrit
conterritus                   conterrit
conterruerat                  conterruerat
conterruit                    conterruit
contexerant                   contexera
contexit                      contexit
contextae                     context
contextis                     context
contextum                     context
conticescente                 conticescent
conticescerent                conticescere
conticescet                   conticescet
contigisse                    contigiss
contigisset                   contigisset
contigit                      contigit
contignatione                 contignation
contignationem                contignation
contignatum                   contignat
contineant                    continea
contineat                     contineat
contineatur                   contineatur
continebant                   contineba
continebantur                 continebantur
continebat                    continebat
continebatur                  continebatur
continens                     continens
continent                     contine
continentem                   continent
continentemque                continent
continenter                   continenter
continenti                    continent
continentibus                 continent
continentior                  continentior
continentur                   continentur
continerentur                 continerentur
contineret                    contineret
contineretur                  contineretur
contineri                     continer
continet                      continet
continetur                    continetur
contingant                    continga
contingebant                  contingeba
contingere                    continger
contingeret                   contingeret
contingit                     contingit
continua                      continu
continuandis                  continuand
continuandum                  continuand
continuantur                  continuantur
continuare                    continuar
continuarent                  continuare
continuarentur                continuarentur
continuari                    continuar
continuas                     continu
continuata                    continuat
continuatae                   continuat
continuatam                   continuat
continuatio                   continuati
continuatione                 continuation
continuationem                continuation
continuatis                   continuat
continuato                    continuat
continuatur                   continuatur
continuatus                   continuat
continuerat                   continuerat
continuere                    continuer
continuerunt                  continueru
continuis                     continu
continuit                     continuit
continuos                     continu
continuus                     continu
contio                        conti
contionabatur                 contionabatur
contionabundus                contionabund
contionali                    contional
contionantem                  contionant
contionari                    contionar
contionati                    contionat
contionatur                   contionatur
contionatus                   contionat
contionatusque                contionat
contione                      contion
contionem                     contion
contionemque                  contion
contiones                     contion
contionesque                  contion
contioni                      contion
contionibus                   contion
contionibusque                contion
contionis                     contion
contionum                     contion
contlnentur                   contlnentur
contorqueat                   contorqueat
contorqueatur                 contorqueatur
contortis                     contort
contra                        contr
contracta                     contract
contracti                     contract
contractio                    contracti
contractiores                 contractior
contractum                    contract
contradicentibus              contradicent
contradicere                  contradicer
contrahere                    contraher
contraherent                  contrahere
contrahet                     contrahet
contrahi                      contrah
contrahit                     contrahit
contrahunt                    contrahu
contrahuntur                  contrahuntur
contraque                     contr
contraria                     contrar
contrariam                    contrari
contrariamque                 contrari
contrariis                    contrari
contrario                     contrari
contrarios                    contrari
contrarium                    contrari
contrectatione                contrectation
contributi                    contribut
controuersia                  controuers
controuersiam                 controuersi
controuersiosam               controuersios
controuerso                   controuers
controversia                  controuers
controversiae                 controuersi
controversias                 controuersi
controversiis                 controuersi
contuberniis                  contuberni
contubernio                   contuberni
contuear                      contuear
contuens                      contuens
contulerant                   contulera
contulerat                    contulerat
contulere                     contuler
contulerint                   contuleri
contulerunt                   contuleru
contulisse                    contuliss
contulisset                   contulisset
contulit                      contulit
contumacia                    contumac
contumaciter                  contumaciter
contumelia                    contumel
contumeliae                   contumeli
contumeliaeque                contumeli
contumeliam                   contumeli
contumelias                   contumeli
contumeliis                   contumeli
contumeliosisque              contumelios
contumeliosissime             contumeliosissim
contumeliosum                 contumelios
contundam                     contund
conturbaverat                 conturbauerat
conturbet                     conturbet
conturbor                     conturbor
contusis                      contus
conualescere                  conualescer
conualle                      conuall
conualles                     conuall
conubia                       conub
conubii                       conub
conubiis                      conubi
conubio                       conubi
conubium                      conubi
conubiumque                   conubi
conuecta                      conuect
conuecto                      conuect
conuectum                     conuect
conuehentes                   conuehent
conuehit                      conuehit
conuellerent                  conuellere
conuellunt                    conuellu
conuenae                      conuen
conuenarumque                 conuenar
conuenerant                   conuenera
conuenerat                    conuenerat
conuenere                     conuener
conueniebant                  conuenieba
conueniebat                   conueniebat
conueniens                    conueniens
conuenientibus                conuenient
conueniet                     conueniet
conuenire                     conuenir
conueniret                    conueniret
conuenisset                   conuenisset
conuenit                      conuenit
conueniunt                    conueniu
conuentu                      conuent
conuenturos                   conuentur
conuentus                     conuent
conuersa                      conuers
conuersaque                   conuers
conuersis                     conuers
conuersus                     conuers
conuertentem                  conuertent
conuertit                     conuertit
conuicio                      conuici
conuiuiis                     conuiui
conuiuio                      conuiui
conuiuium                     conuiui
conum                         con
conuoca                       conuoc
conuocato                     conuocat
conuocaturum                  conuocatur
conuolabant                   conuolaba
conuolare                     conuolar
conuolsis                     conuols
convalescunt                  conualescu
convectis                     conuect
convectum                     conuect
convellunt                    conuellu
convenerant                   conuenera
convenerat                    conuenerat
conveniant                    conuenia
conveniat                     conueniat
conveniebant                  conuenieba
conveniebat                   conueniebat
conveniens                    conueniens
convenientia                  conuenient
convenientiam                 conuenienti
convenire                     conuenir
convenirent                   conuenire
conveniret                    conueniret
conveniri                     conuenir
convenisse                    conueniss
convenisset                   conuenisset
convenistis                   conuenist
convenit                      conuenit
conveniunt                    conueniu
conventurn                    conuenturn
conventus                     conuent
conventusque                  conuent
conversa                      conuers
conversi                      conuers
conversio                     conuersi
conversione                   conuersion
conversionem                  conuersion
conversiones                  conuersion
conversionibus                conuersion
conversis                     conuers
converso                      conuers
conversos                     conuers
conversus                     conuers
convertant                    conuerta
converterat                   conuerterat
convertere                    conuerter
converterent                  conuertere
convertique                   conuert
convertisse                   conuertiss
convertit                     conuertit
convertitur                   conuertitur
convertunt                    conuertu
convertuntur                  conuertuntur
convexa                       conuex
convexerant                   conuexera
convexerat                    conuexerat
convicia                      conuic
conviciis                     conuici
conviciisque                  conuici
convicio                      conuici
convictis                     conuict
convincere                    conuincer
convinceret                   conuinceret
convocandi                    conuocand
convocato                     conuocat
convoluta                     conuolut
convolvitur                   conuoluitur
cooperiretur                  cooperiretur
cooperta                      coopert
cooptandis                    cooptand
cooptare                      cooptar
cooptarentur                  cooptarentur
cooptari                      cooptar
cooptassint                   cooptassi
cooptati                      cooptat
cooptationem                  cooptation
cooptationis                  cooptation
cooptatos                     cooptat
cooptatum                     cooptat
cooptauerant                  cooptauera
cooptauere                    cooptauer
cooritur                      cooritur
coorta                        coort
coortam                       coort
coorti                        coort
coortis                       coort
coortos                       coort
coortum                       coort
copia                         cop
copiae                        copi
copiaeque                     copi
copiam                        copi
copiarum                      copiar
copias                        copi
copiasque                     copi
copiis                        copi
copiose                       copios
copiosos                      copios
coponio                       coponi
coponius                      copon
copularent                    copulare
copulatio                     copulati
coquebant                     coqueba
coquere                       coquer
cor                           cor
cora                          cor
coram                         cor
coramque                      cor
corbibus                      corb
corbione                      corbion
corbionem                     corbion
corcyra                       corcyr
corcyrae                      corcyr
corde                         cord
cordi                         cord
cordis                        cord
cordubae                      cordub
cordubam                      cordub
corfiniensem                  corfiniens
corfiniensibus                corfiniens
corfinii                      corfin
corfinio                      corfini
corfinium                     corfini
corfinlo                      corfinl
coria                         cor
coriis                        cori
corinthii                     corinth
corintho                      corinth
corinthum                     corinth
coriolana                     coriolan
coriolani                     coriolan
coriolano                     coriolan
coriolanorum                  coriolanor
coriolanus                    coriolan
corioli                       coriol
coriolis                      coriol
coriolos                      coriol
corneli                       cornel
cornelia                      cornel
corneliis                     corneli
cornelio                      corneli
cornelios                     corneli
cornelium                     corneli
corneliumque                  corneli
cornelius                     cornel
corneliusque                  cornel
corneo                        corne
corneolos                     corneol
cornibus                      corn
cornicen                      cornicen
cornicinem                    cornicin
cornicines                    cornicin
cornicis                      cornic
corniculana                   corniculan
corniculo                     cornicul
corniculum                    cornicul
corniger                      corniger
cornu                         corn
cornua                        cornu
cornuaque                     cornu
corona                        coron
coronae                       coron
coronam                       coron
coronasque                    coron
corpora                       corpor
corpore                       corpor
corporeus                     corpore
corpori                       corpor
corporibus                    corpor
corporis                      corpor
corporum                      corpor
corpus                        corp
corpuscula                    corpuscul
corpusculis                   corpuscul
correctae                     correct
correcturos                   correctur
correpti                      corrept
correptis                     corrept
corrigere                     corriger
corrigi                       corrig
corripi                       corrip
corrogata                     corrogat
corruerat                     corruerat
corruerunt                    corrueru
corrumpant                    corrumpa
corrumpantur                  corrumpantur
corrumpendis                  corrumpend
corrumpit                     corrumpit
corrupit                      corrupit
corrupta                      corrupt
corruptae                     corrupt
corruptis                     corrupt
corrupto                      corrupt
corruptum                     corrupt
corsica                       corsic
cortice                       cortic
cortici                       cortic
corum                         cor
coruncanium                   coruncani
corvo                         coru
corvus                        coru
corybantis                    corybant
coryphaeum                    coryphae
coryphe                       coryph
cosam                         cos
cosano                        cosan
cossi                         coss
cossis                        coss
cosso                         coss
cossum                        coss
cossus                        coss
cotem                         cot
cotidiana                     cotidian
cotidianae                    cotidian
cotidianam                    cotidian
cotidianas                    cotidian
cotidianis                    cotidian
cotidianum                    cotidian
cotidie                       cotidi
cotta                         cott
cottae                        cott
cottam                        cott
cottidie                      cottidi
cotyis                        coty
cotys                         cotys
cras                          cr
crassissimus                  crassissim
crassitudine                  crassitudin
crassitudo                    crassitud
crasso                        crass
crassum                       crass
crassus                       crass
crastina                      crastin
crastini                      crastin
crastino                      crastin
crastinus                     crastin
crate                         crat
crateram                      crater
crateramque                   crater
crates                        crat
cratesque                     crat
cratibus                      crat
cratium                       crati
creabitis                     creabit
creandi                       creand
creandis                      creand
creando                       creand
creandorum                    creandor
creandos                      creand
creandosque                   creand
creandum                      creand
creant                        crea
creantur                      creantur
creare                        crear
crearent                      creare
crearentur                    crearentur
crearet                       crearet
crearetur                     crearetur
creari                        crear
crearitis                     crearit
creasse                       creass
creasset                      creasset
creastis                      creast
creat                         creat
creatae                       creat
creatam                       creat
create                        creat
creati                        creat
creatis                       creat
creato                        creat
creatos                       creat
creatum                       creat
creatur                       creatur
creaturos                     creatur
creatus                       creat
creauere                      creauer
creauerunt                    creaueru
creauimus                     creauim
creauit                       creauit
creavere                      creauer
creavit                       creauit
creberrima                    creberrim
crebra                        crebr
crebrae                       crebr
crebraeque                    crebr
crebraque                     crebr
crebras                       crebr
crebrasque                    crebr
crebri                        crebr
crebriorque                   crebrior
crebris                       crebr
crebro                        crebr
crebroque                     crebr
credam                        cred
credant                       creda
credas                        cred
credat                        credat
credebant                     credeba
credebantur                   credebantur
credebat                      credebat
credendo                      credend
credendum                     credend
credens                       credens
credente                      credent
credentes                     credent
credere                       creder
crederem                      creder
crederent                     credere
crederes                      creder
crederet                      crederet
crederetur                    crederetur
credi                         cred
credibile                     credibil
credibilem                    credibil
crediderant                   credidera
crediderat                    crediderat
crediderim                    crediderim
crediderint                   credideri
crediderit                    crediderit
credidisse                    credidiss
credimus                      credim
credis                        cred
credita                       credit
creditae                      credit
creditam                      credit
creditaque                    credit
creditis                      credit
creditore                     creditor
creditores                    creditor
creditori                     creditor
creditoribus                  creditor
creditum                      credit
creditur                      creditur
credituros                    creditur
credo                         cred
credunt                       credu
creemus                       creem
creentur                      creentur
creet                         creet
cremata                       cremat
cremati                       cremat
cremera                       cremer
cremerae                      cremer
cremeram                      cremer
cremona                       cremon
crepitu                       crepit
crescant                      cresca
crescat                       crescat
crescebant                    cresceba
crescebat                     crescebat
crescendique                  crescend
crescendo                     crescend
crescente                     crescent
crescentem                    crescent
crescentis                    crescent
crescere                      crescer
cresceret                     cresceret
crescit                       crescit
creta                         cret
cretensem                     cretens
cretera                       creter
cretes                        cret
creuerant                     creuera
creuerat                      creuerat
creuisse                      creuiss
creuit                        creuit
creusa                        creus
crevisse                      creuiss
crevit                        creuit
crimen                        crimen
crimenque                     crimen
criminabantur                 criminabantur
criminabatur                  criminabatur
criminandi                    criminand
criminando                    criminand
criminantes                   criminant
criminaque                    crimin
criminari                     criminar
criminati                     criminat
criminatio                    criminati
criminationi                  crimination
criminatum                    criminat
criminatus                    criminat
crimine                       crimin
crimini                       crimin
criminibus                    crimin
criminibusque                 crimin
criminis                      crimin
criminum                      crimin
crines                        crin
crinibus                      crin
critolaus                     critola
crocodili                     crocodil
crocodilorum                  crocodilor
crocodilos                    crocodil
crocodilum                    crocodil
cronov                        crono
crotona                       croton
crotoniatas                   crotoniat
crotoniates                   crotoniat
cruciarentur                  cruciarentur
cruciatis                     cruciat
cruciatu                      cruciat
cruciatus                     cruciat
crudelem                      crudel
crudeles                      crudel
crudeli                       crudel
crudelibus                    crudel
crudelissimae                 crudelissim
crudelissime                  crudelissim
crudelissimeque               crudelissim
crudelissumus                 crudelissum
crudelitas                    crudelit
crudelitate                   crudelitat
crudelitatem                  crudelitat
crudelitati                   crudelitat
crudelitatique                crudelitat
crudelitatis                  crudelitat
crudeliter                    crudeliter
crudeliterque                 crudeliter
cruentis                      cruent
cruento                       cruent
cruentos                      cruent
cruore                        cruor
cruribus                      crur
crustumeria                   crustumer
crustumeriamque               crustumeri
crustumerium                  crustumeri
crustumini                    crustumin
crustuminique                 crustumin
crustuminis                   crustumin
crustuminos                   crustumin
crustuminum                   crustumin
cubiculi                      cubicul
cubiculo                      cubicul
cubiculum                     cubicul
cubilia                       cubil
cubilibus                     cubil
cui                           cu
cuidam                        cuid
cuilibet                      cuilibet
cuin                          cuin
cuinam                        cuin
cuipiam                       cuipi
cuiquam                       cuiqu
cuique                        cuique
cuius                         cu
cuiuscumque                   cuiusc
cuiusdam                      cuiusd
cuiusnam                      cuiusn
cuiuspiam                     cuiuspi
cuiusquam                     cuiusqu
cuiusque                      cuiusque
cuiusvis                      cuiusu
culmen                        culmen
culpa                         culp
culpae                        culp
culpam                        culp
culpamque                     culp
culta                         cult
culti                         cult
cultique                      cult
cultis                        cult
cultor                        cultor
cultores                      cultor
cultoribus                    cultor
cultos                        cult
cultro                        cultr
cultrum                       cultr
cultu                         cult
cultum                        cult
cultus                        cult
cum                           cum
cumae                         cum
cumanae                       cuman
cumas                         cum
cumasque                      cum
cumis                         cum
cumque                        cum
cumularet                     cumularet
cumulari                      cumular
cumulatior                    cumulatior
cumulatioremque               cumulatior
cumulatum                     cumulat
cumulo                        cumul
cumulos                       cumul
cuncta                        cunct
cunctae                       cunct
cunctam                       cunct
cunctandi                     cunctand
cunctantem                    cunctant
cunctanter                    cunctanter
cunctantur                    cunctantur
cunctati                      cunctat
cunctatio                     cunctati
cunctatione                   cunctation
cunctatur                     cunctatur
cunctatus                     cunctat
cunctetur                     cunctetur
cuncti                        cunct
cunctis                       cunct
cunctum                       cunct
cuneo                         cune
cuniculo                      cunicul
cuniculum                     cunicul
cuniculus                     cunicul
cupas                         cup
cupere                        cuper
cuperet                       cuperet
cupidae                       cupid
cupide                        cupid
cupidi                        cupid
cupidine                      cupidin
cupidinem                     cupidin
cupidinis                     cupidin
cupidis                       cupid
cupidissime                   cupidissim
cupiditas                     cupidit
cupiditate                    cupiditat
cupiditatem                   cupiditat
cupiditates                   cupiditat
cupiditati                    cupiditat
cupiditatis                   cupiditat
cupidius                      cupid
cupido                        cupid
cupiebant                     cupieba
cupiens                       cupiens
cupientem                     cupient
cupientibus                   cupient
cupientis                     cupient
cupientium                    cupienti
cupitis                       cupit
cupitum                       cupit
cupiunt                       cupiu
cur                           cur
cura                          cur
curabant                      curaba
curae                         cur
curam                         cur
curamque                      cur
curandis                      curand
curando                       curand
curandos                      curand
curans                        curans
curant                        cura
curaque                       cur
curare                        curar
curarentur                    curarentur
curaret                       curaret
curari                        curar
curarum                       curar
curat                         curat
curate                        curat
curatio                       curati
curatione                     curation
curationem                    curation
curatis                       curat
curatius                      curat
curatum                       curat
curaverat                     curauerat
curavit                       curauit
curent                        cure
curia                         cur
curiae                        curi
curiam                        curi
curiamque                     curi
curias                        curi
curiata                       curiat
curiatii                      curiat
curiatiis                     curiati
curiatio                      curiati
curiatiorum                   curiatior
curiatios                     curiati
curiatiosque                  curiati
curiatis                      curiat
curiatium                     curiati
curiatius                     curiat
curibus                       cur
curici                        curic
curictam                      curict
curiis                        curi
curio                         curi
curione                       curion
curionem                      curion
curioni                       curion
curionis                      curion
curiosissimi                  curiosissim
curiosius                     curios
curis                         cur
curium                        curi
curius                        cur
currere                       currer
currerent                     currere
curriculum                    curricul
curritur                      curritur
curru                         curr
currum                        curr
currunt                       curru
currus                        curr
cursantibus                   cursant
cursibus                      curs
cursibusque                   curs
cursu                         curs
cursum                        curs
cursus                        curs
cursusque                     curs
curtium                       curti
curtius                       curt
curulemque                    curul
curules                       curul
curuli                        curul
curulis                       curul
curvata                       curuat
cuspide                       cuspid
cuspidem                      cuspid
cuspidibus                    cuspid
custodem                      custod
custodes                      custod
custodia                      custod
custodiae                     custodi
custodiaeque                  custodi
custodiam                     custodi
custodiant                    custodia
custodiarum                   custodiar
custodias                     custodi
custodibus                    custod
custodibusque                 custod
custodiendi                   custodiend
custodiendisque               custodiend
custodiis                     custodi
custodiisque                  custodi
custodire                     custodir
custodiunt                    custodiu
custodiuntur                  custodiuntur
custos                        cust
cx                            cx
cxx                           cxx
cycladibusque                 cyclad
cycni                         cycn
cylindri                      cylindr
cylindrum                     cylindr
cynicus                       cynic
cynosura                      cynosur
cynosurae                     cynosur
cynosuris                     cynosur
cypri                         cypr
cyprio                        cypri
cyprium                       cypri
cyproque                      cypr
cyprum                        cypr
cyrenaicus                    cyrenaic
cyrenis                       cyren
d                             d
da                            da
dabant                        daba
dabantur                      dabantur
dabat                         dabat
dabatur                       dabatur
dabis                         dab
dabit                         dabit
dabitur                       dabitur
dabo                          dab
dalmatis                      dalmat
damasippus                    damasipp
damna                         damn
damnarent                     damnare
damnaret                      damnaret
damnari                       damnar
damnata                       damnat
damnati                       damnat
damnatione                    damnation
damnationem                   damnation
damnationis                   damnation
damnato                       damnat
damnatos                      damnat
damnatum                      damnat
damnatumque                   damnat
damnatur                      damnatur
damnatus                      damnat
damno                         damn
damnosam                      damnos
damnosior                     damnosior
damnum                        damn
damus                         dam
danda                         dand
dandam                        dand
dandi                         dand
dando                         dand
dandum                        dand
dandus                        dand
dant                          da
dantes                        dant
dantibus                      dant
dantur                        dantur
dapem                         dap
dapemque                      dap
dardanos                      dardan
dare                          dar
darent                        dare
darentur                      darentur
daret                         daret
daretur                       daretur
dari                          dar
dat                           dat
data                          dat
datae                         dat
datam                         dat
datamque                      dat
dataque                       dat
datas                         dat
date                          dat
dati                          dat
datis                         dat
dato                          dat
datoque                       dat
datos                         dat
datum                         dat
datumque                      dat
datur                         datur
daturi                        datur
daturos                       datur
daturum                       datur
daturus                       datur
datus                         dat
dc                            dc
dccc                          dccc
dcccc                         dcccc
dcccclx                       dcccclx
de                            de
dea                           de
deae                          de
deaeque                       de
deam                          de
deaque                        de
dearmatum                     dearmat
debeant                       debea
debeat                        debeat
debeatis                      debeat
debeatur                      debeatur
debebant                      debeba
debebat                       debebat
debebatur                     debebatur
debellatum                    debellat
debellatumque                 debellat
debemus                       debem
debent                        debe
debeo                         debe
debere                        deber
deberent                      debere
deberet                       deberet
deberetur                     deberetur
deberi                        deber
debes                         deb
debet                         debet
debetis                       debet
debetur                       debetur
debilitate                    debilitat
debita                        debit
debitam                       debit
debitorem                     debitor
debitoribus                   debitor
debitorum                     debitor
debitum                       debit
debuerunt                     debueru
debuit                        debuit
deceat                        deceat
decedatur                     decedatur
decedendum                    decedend
decedens                      decedens
decedentem                    decedent
decedere                      deceder
decederent                    decedere
decederet                     decederet
decedi                        deced
decedit                       decedit
decem                         dec
decembres                     decembr
decembri                      decembr
decembribus                   decembr
decemuir                      decemuir
decemuiralem                  decemuiral
decemuirales                  decemuiral
decemuirali                   decemuiral
decemuiralibus                decemuiral
decemuiratibus                decemuirat
decemuiratu                   decemuirat
decemuiratum                  decemuirat
decemuiratus                  decemuirat
decemuiri                     decemuir
decemuiris                    decemuir
decemuiro                     decemuir
decemuirorum                  decemuiror
decemuiros                    decemuir
decemuirosque                 decemuir
decemuirum                    decemuir
decemviri                     decemuir
decemviris                    decemuir
decentiam                     decenti
decepti                       decept
deceptos                      decept
deceptus                      decept
deceret                       deceret
decernendi                    decernend
decernente                    decernent
decernentibus                 decernent
decernere                     decerner
decernerent                   decernere
decerneret                    decerneret
decerneretur                  decerneretur
decernetis                    decernet
decerni                       decern
decernique                    decern
decernit                      decernit
decernitur                    decernitur
decernunt                     decernu
decernuntur                   decernuntur
decertabant                   decertaba
decertare                     decertar
decertarent                   decertare
decertaret                    decertaret
decesserat                    decesserat
decesserit                    decesserit
decesserunt                   decesseru
decessisset                   decessisset
decessit                      decessit
decessitque                   decessit
decet                         decet
decidisse                     decidiss
decidius                      decid
decimae                       decim
decimam                       decim
decimo                        decim
decimum                       decim
decimus                       decim
decio                         deci
deciorum                      decior
decipi                        decip
declarant                     declara
declarantemque                declarant
declarantur                   declarantur
declarare                     declarar
declarari                     declarar
declarat                      declarat
declaratur                    declaratur
declaratus                    declarat
declinantur                   declinantur
declinare                     declinar
declinarent                   declinare
declinatio                    declinati
declinauere                   declinauer
declive                       decliu
declivis                      decliu
decora                        decor
decoras                       decor
decoratum                     decorat
decoratus                     decorat
decore                        decor
decori                        decor
decoris                       decor
decorum                       decor
decresse                      decress
decresset                     decresset
decreta                       decret
decreti                       decret
decreto                       decret
decretoque                    decret
decretum                      decret
decreuere                     decreuer
decreuerit                    decreuerit
decreuerunt                   decreueru
decreuit                      decreuit
decreverint                   decreueri
decucurrerat                  decucurrerat
decuit                        decuit
decuma                        decum
decumae                       decum
decumam                       decum
decumana                      decuman
decurias                      decuri
decuriis                      decuri
decurio                       decuri
decuriones                    decurion
decurionum                    decurion
decurrere                     decurrer
decurrerent                   decurrere
decurrit                      decurrit
decurritur                    decurritur
decurrunt                     decurru
decursu                       decurs
decursum                      decurs
decus                         dec
decussisse                    decussiss
dedantur                      dedantur
dedatur                       dedatur
dedecora                      dedecor
dedecoris                     dedecor
dedecorisque                  dedecor
dedecoriue                    dedecoriu
dedecus                       dedec
dederant                      dedera
dederat                       dederat
dedere                        deder
dederent                      dedere
dederentur                    dederentur
dederetis                     dederet
dederint                      dederi
dederis                       deder
dederit                       dederit
dedero                        deder
dederunt                      dederu
dedi                          ded
dedicare                      dedicar
dedicaret                     dedicaret
dedicat                       dedicat
dedicata                      dedicat
dedicatae                     dedicat
dedicatam                     dedicat
dedicatas                     dedicat
dedicatio                     dedicati
dedicatione                   dedication
dedicationem                  dedication
dedicatum                     dedicat
dedicatumque                  dedicat
dedicatur                     dedicatur
dedicaturum                   dedicatur
dedicauit                     dedicauit
dedicauitque                  dedicauit
dedicavit                     dedicauit
dedico                        dedic
dediderit                     dediderit
dediderunt                    dedideru
dedidicerant                  dedidicera
dedidit                       dedidit
dedier                        dedier
dedimus                       dedim
dedisse                       dediss
dedissem                      dediss
dedissent                     dedisse
dedisses                      dediss
dedisset                      dedisset
dedit                         dedit
dedita                        dedit
deditaeque                    dedit
deditam                       dedit
dediti                        dedit
deditio                       dediti
deditione                     dedition
deditionem                    dedition
deditionis                    dedition
deditis                       dedit
deditisne                     deditisn
dedito                        dedit
deditosque                    dedit
deditur                       deditur
deducatur                     deducatur
deducebat                     deducebat
deducendam                    deducend
deducendarum                  deducendar
deducendas                    deducend
deducere                      deducer
deduci                        deduc
deducimus                     deducim
deducit                       deducit
deducitur                     deducitur
deducta                       deduct
deductae                      deduct
deductam                      deduct
deductas                      deduct
deducti                       deduct
deductis                      deduct
deductum                      deduct
deductura                     deductur
deducturum                    deductur
deductus                      deduct
deducunt                      deducu
deduntur                      deduntur
deduxerat                     deduxerat
deduxeris                     deduxer
deduxerunt                    deduxeru
deduxit                       deduxit
deerant                       deera
deerat                        deerat
deesse                        deess
deessent                      deesse
deesset                       deesset
deest                         deest
defatigaret                   defatigaret
defatigatis                   defatigat
defecerant                    defecera
defecere                      defecer
defecerit                     defecerit
defecissent                   defecisse
defecit                       defecit
defectibus                    defect
defectionem                   defection
defectiones                   defection
defectioni                    defection
defectionis                   defection
defecturam                    defectur
defectus                      defect
defendam                      defend
defendant                     defenda
defendat                      defendat
defendebant                   defendeba
defendebantur                 defendebantur
defendendi                    defendend
defendendo                    defendend
defendendos                   defendend
defendendum                   defendend
defendente                    defendent
defendentibus                 defendent
defendere                     defender
defenderem                    defender
defenderent                   defendere
defenderet                    defenderet
defenderetur                  defenderetur
defenderunt                   defenderu
defendes                      defend
defendi                       defend
defendique                    defend
defendissent                  defendisse
defendisset                   defendisset
defendit                      defendit
defendite                     defendit
defenditis                    defendit
defenditur                    defenditur
defendunt                     defendu
defenduntur                   defenduntur
defensa                       defens
defensione                    defension
defensionem                   defension
defensores                    defensor
defensoribus                  defensor
defensoribusque               defensor
defensum                      defens
defensuros                    defensur
deferam                       defer
deferantur                    deferantur
deferebant                    defereba
deferenda                     deferend
deferendum                    deferend
deferentem                    deferent
deferre                       deferr
deferrentur                   deferrentur
deferret                      deferret
deferretur                    deferretur
deferri                       deferr
defert                        defert
deferte                       defert
defertur                      defertur
deferunt                      deferu
deferuntur                    deferuntur
defessa                       defess
defessi                       defess
defessis                      defess
defesso                       defess
defessos                      defess
defessum                      defess
defetigatione                 defetigation
defexit                       defexit
deficere                      deficer
deficeret                     deficeret
deficeretur                   deficeretur
deficiam                      defici
deficiant                     deficia
deficiat                      deficiat
deficiebant                   deficieba
deficiebat                    deficiebat
deficiente                    deficient
deficiet                      deficiet
deficit                       deficit
deficiunt                     deficiu
defigebantur                  defigebantur
defigit                       defigit
defigunt                      defigu
defiguntur                    defiguntur
definiebant                   definieba
definiens                     definiens
definimus                     definim
definire                      definir
definit                       definit
definitam                     definit
defixi                        defix
defixis                       defix
defixit                       defixit
deflagrare                    deflagrar
deflagrassent                 deflagrasse
deflagravisse                 deflagrauiss
defluens                      defluens
defluentem                    defluent
defluere                      defluer
defluxit                      defluxit
defodere                      defoder
defore                        defor
deformauit                    deformauit
deforme                       deform
deformem                      deform
deformis                      deform
deformitas                    deformit
deformitate                   deformitat
deformitatemque               deformitat
defosso                       defoss
defuerat                      defuerat
defuerit                      defuerit
defuerunt                     defueru
defugiant                     defugia
defugisse                     defugiss
defugit                       defugit
defuisse                      defuiss
defuissent                    defuisse
defuit                        defuit
defuncta                      defunct
defunctam                     defunct
defuncti                      defunct
defunctos                     defunct
defungendum                   defungend
defungi                       defung
defungique                    defung
defuturam                     defutur
defuturos                     defutur
defuturum                     defutur
degenerasset                  degenerasset
degeneratum                   degenerat
degeret                       degeret
degrauabant                   degrauaba
degrauant                     degraua
degrediens                    degrediens
degressi                      degress
degresso                      degress
degressos                     degress
degressus                     degress
dehinc                        dehinc
dei                           de
deianira                      deianir
deiciuntur                    deiciuntur
deiecerit                     deiecerit
deiecerunt                    deieceru
deiecisset                    deiecisset
deiecit                       deiecit
deiecta                       deiect
deiectae                      deiect
deiectis                      deiect
deiectisque                   deiect
deiectos                      deiect
deiectum                      deiect
deiectus                      deiect
dein                          dein
deinceps                      deinceps
deincepsque                   deinceps
deinde                        deind
deiotarus                     deiotar
deis                          de
deiungit                      deiungit
delapsae                      delaps
delapsus                      delaps
delata                        delat
delatae                       delat
delatam                       delat
delataque                     delat
delati                        delat
delatum                       delat
delatura                      delatur
delatus                       delat
delecta                       delect
delectabant                   delectaba
delectam                      delect
delectamur                    delectamur
delectant                     delecta
delectantur                   delectantur
delectari                     delectar
delectas                      delect
delectat                      delectat
delectemur                    delectemur
delectetur                    delectetur
delecti                       delect
delectibus                    delect
delectis                      delect
delectos                      delect
delectum                      delect
delectumque                   delect
delectuque                    delect
delectus                      delect
delegasse                     delegass
delegata                      delegat
delegerat                     delegerat
delegisset                    delegisset
delegit                       delegit
delendam                      delend
delendi                       delend
delendum                      delend
delenimentum                  deleniment
delenire                      delenir
delenita                      delenit
delenitam                     delenit
delerent                      delere
deleretur                     deleretur
delet                         delet
deletae                       delet
delete                        delet
deleti                        delet
deletos                       delet
deletum                       delet
deletusque                    delet
deleuere                      deleuer
delibandum                    deliband
deliberabundi                 deliberabund
deliberabundus                deliberabund
deliberandi                   deliberand
deliberare                    deliberar
deliberata                    deliberat
deliberatio                   deliberati
deliberationi                 deliberation
delicatas                     delicat
delicati                      delicat
delicatis                     delicat
delicti                       delict
deligata                      deligat
deligatae                     deligat
deligati                      deligat
deligavit                     deligauit
deligi                        delig
deligunt                      deligu
delio                         deli
deliquerunt                   deliqueru
deliquissent                  deliquisse
deliquisset                   deliquisset
delirans                      delirans
delirantium                   deliranti
delirare                      delirar
delitiscant                   delitisca
delitiscendo                  delitiscend
delituisse                    delituiss
delphicum                     delphic
delphini                      delphin
delphinum                     delphin
delphis                       delph
delphos                       delph
delubra                       delubr
delubraque                    delubr
delubris                      delubr
delubrum                      delubr
demandabantur                 demandabantur
demandata                     demandat
demarati                      demarat
deme                          dem
demendas                      demend
dementiam                     dementi
dementis                      dement
demerendi                     demerend
demerent                      demere
demeret                       demeret
demeretur                     demeretur
demersae                      demers
demersam                      demers
demetata                      demetat
demetendi                     demetend
demi                          dem
demigrant                     demigra
deminuat                      deminuat
deminuerat                    deminuerat
deminutione                   deminution
deminutoque                   deminut
deminutum                     deminut
demissa                       demiss
demissio                      demissi
demissiore                    demissior
demissis                      demiss
demississime                  demississim
demissum                      demiss
demittere                     demitter
demitterent                   demittere
democritea                    democrite
democriteo                    democrite
democriteum                   democrite
democriti                     democrit
democrito                     democrit
democritum                    democrit
democritus                    democrit
demonstrantur                 demonstrantur
demonstrat                    demonstrat
demonstratae                  demonstrat
demonstratum                  demonstrat
demonstravi                   demonstrau
demonstravimus                demonstrauim
demorandum                    demorand
demoretur                     demoretur
demortui                      demortu
demotus                       demot
dempsit                       dempsit
dempta                        dempt
demptamque                    dempt
dempto                        dempt
demptum                       dempt
demum                         dem
dena                          den
denarios                      denari
denegata                      denegat
denique                       denique
denis                         den
denotante                     denotant
densa                         dens
densior                       densior
densioraque                   densior
denso                         dens
dent                          de
dentes                        dent
dentibus                      dent
dentisque                     dent
denudatum                     denudat
denuntiabantur                denuntiabantur
denuntiando                   denuntiand
denuntiantem                  denuntiant
denuntiantis                  denuntiant
denuntiare                    denuntiar
denuntiatione                 denuntiation
denuntiatque                  denuntiat
denuntiauit                   denuntiauit
denuntiavisse                 denuntiauiss
denuntiavit                   denuntiauit
denuntient                    denuntie
deo                           de
deoque                        de
deorsum                       deors
deorsus                       deors
deorum                        deor
deorumne                      deorumn
deorumque                     deor
deos                          de
deosque                       de
depellantur                   depellantur
depellenda                    depellend
depellit                      depellit
depellunt                     depellu
deperiit                      deperiit
depingere                     depinger
deplorant                     deplora
deplorati                     deplorat
deploratis                    deplorat
deploratur                    deploratur
deponendos                    deponend
deponentem                    deponent
deponere                      deponer
deponerent                    deponere
deponunt                      deponu
depoposcerant                 depoposcera
depoposcimus                  depoposcim
depopulandum                  depopuland
depopulanturque               depopulantur
depopulari                    depopular
depopulati                    depopulat
depopulato                    depopulat
depopulatos                   depopulat
depopulatus                   depopulat
deportanda                    deportand
deportant                     deporta
deportaverant                 deportauera
deposcant                     deposca
deposcendam                   deposcend
deposcere                     deposcer
deposcit                      deposcit
deposita                      deposit
depositae                     deposit
depositas                     deposit
depositis                     deposit
deposito                      deposit
deposituros                   depositur
depositus                     deposit
deposuerat                    deposuerat
deposuere                     deposuer
deposuisset                   deposuisset
depravarint                   deprauari
depravatum                    deprauat
deprecanda                    deprecand
deprecandi                    deprecand
deprecans                     deprecans
deprecante                    deprecant
deprecantibus                 deprecant
deprecari                     deprecar
deprehendendos                deprehendend
deprehenderat                 deprehenderat
deprehendere                  deprehender
deprehendunt                  deprehendu
deprehensae                   deprehens
deprehensis                   deprehens
deprehensisque                deprehens
deprehensus                   deprehens
deprendit                     deprendit
deprensus                     deprens
depressae                     depress
deprimat                      deprimat
deprimerentur                 deprimerentur
deprimunt                     deprimu
depugnant                     depugna
depulimus                     depulim
depulissit                    depulissit
depulit                       depulit
depulsa                       depuls
depulsio                      depulsi
depulsum                      depuls
depulsus                      depuls
deque                         deque
derecto                       derect
derectus                      derect
derigit                       derigit
deriuatio                     deriuati
des                           des
descendant                    descenda
descendens                    descendens
descendentes                  descendent
descendentibus                descendent
descendere                    descender
descenderent                  descendere
descenderet                   descenderet
descenderunt                  descenderu
descendisse                   descendiss
descendisset                  descendisset
descendit                     descendit
descendunt                    descendu
descensum                     descens
descensuram                   descensur
descensuros                   descensur
desciscatis                   desciscat
desciscunt                    desciscu
descisse                      desciss
descissent                    descisse
desciuit                      desciuit
describere                    describer
describitur                   describitur
descripsit                    descripsit
descripta                     descript
descriptio                    descripti
descriptionibus               description
descriptum                    descript
desectae                      desect
desectam                      desect
deseram                       deser
deserendi                     deserend
deserent                      desere
deserere                      deserer
desereremus                   desererem
desererent                    deserere
desererentur                  desererentur
desereretur                   desereretur
deseret                       deseret
deseretur                     deseretur
deseri                        deser
deserimus                     deserim
deserit                       deserit
deseritur                     deseritur
deserta                       desert
desertaeque                   desert
desertam                      desert
desertaque                    desert
desertarum                    desertar
deserti                       desert
desertis                      desert
deserto                       desert
desertore                     desertor
desertorem                    desertor
desertorum                    desertor
desertos                      desert
desertum                      desert
deserturi                     desertur
deserturos                    desertur
deserturum                    desertur
desertus                      desert
deseruerat                    deseruerat
deserueris                    deseruer
deseruissent                  deseruisse
deseruisset                   deseruisset
deseruit                      deseruit
deseruntur                    deseruntur
desidem                       desid
desiderabit                   desiderabit
desiderant                    desidera
desiderarent                  desiderare
desideraret                   desideraret
desideraretis                 desideraret
desideraretur                 desideraretur
desiderari                    desiderar
desiderarit                   desiderarit
desideras                     desider
desiderastis                  desiderast
desiderat                     desiderat
desiderata                    desiderat
desiderati                    desiderat
desideravit                   desiderauit
desideres                     desider
desideret                     desideret
desideretur                   desideretur
desiderio                     desideri
desiderium                    desideri
desidero                      desider
desides                       desid
desierat                      desierat
desierit                      desierit
designarent                   designare
designarit                    designarit
designati                     designat
designatus                    designat
designavit                    designauit
designetur                    designetur
desilirent                    desilire
desiliunt                     desiliu
desiluere                     desiluer
desiluit                      desiluit
desinas                       desin
desineret                     desineret
desinite                      desinit
desinitis                     desinit
desint                        desi
desinunt                      desinu
desipere                      desiper
desipiens                     desipiens
desisse                       desiss
desissent                     desisse
desistebat                    desistebat
desistere                     desister
desisterent                   desistere
desisteret                    desisteret
desistit                      desistit
desistunt                     desistu
desitum                       desit
despecta                      despect
desperandum                   desperand
desperans                     desperans
desperantes                   desperant
desperata                     desperat
desperatio                    desperati
desperatione                  desperation
desperationem                 desperation
desperatis                    desperat
desperato                     desperat
despicere                     despicer
despicerent                   despicere
despiceret                    despiceret
despiciebant                  despicieba
despiciens                    despiciens
despondentem                  despondent
desponderant                  despondera
desponderat                   desponderat
despondi                      despond
despondit                     despondit
desponsa                      despons
despui                        despu
desse                         dess
destinabant                   destinaba
destinabat                    destinabat
destinari                     destinar
destinatae                    destinat
destinatas                    destinat
destinatos                    destinat
destinaverat                  destinauerat
destiterant                   destitera
destitit                      destitit
destituat                     destituat
destituerit                   destituerit
destituisset                  destituisset
destituti                     destitut
destitutus                    destitut
destrictis                    destrict
destringunt                   destringu
desuetam                      desuet
desuetudine                   desuetudin
desumunt                      desumu
desuntque                     desu
det                           det
detensis                      detens
detergere                     deterger
deterior                      deterior
deterius                      deter
determinavit                  determinauit
deterrebatur                  deterrebatur
deterreret                    deterreret
deterreri                     deterrer
deterriti                     deterrit
deterritum                    deterrit
deterritus                    deterrit
deterruma                     deterrum
detestandae                   detestand
detestatusque                 detestat
detinebat                     detinebat
detinenda                     detinend
detinerent                    detinere
detineri                      detiner
detracta                      detract
detractandi                   detractand
detractant                    detracta
detractante                   detractant
detractantibus                detractant
detractare                    detractar
detractarent                  detractare
detractasset                  detractasset
detractationem                detractation
detractauere                  detractauer
detractis                     detract
detractum                     detract
detrahant                     detraha
detraheretur                  detraheretur
detraxit                      detraxit
detrimenta                    detriment
detrimenti                    detriment
detrimentis                   detriment
detrimento                    detriment
detrimentum                   detriment
detrudere                     detruder
detrusum                      detrus
detulerint                    detuleri
detulerunt                    detuleru
detulimus                     detulim
detulissent                   detulisse
detulit                       detulit
detur                         detur
deturbat                      deturbat
deturbavit                    deturbauit
deuehantur                    deuehantur
deuehuntur                    deuehuntur
deuersorium                   deuersori
deuerticuli                   deuerticul
deuexit                       deuexit
deuicti                       deuict
deuictis                      deuict
deuictos                      deuict
deuio                         deui
deum                          de
deumque                       de
deuolant                      deuola
deuoluere                     deuoluer
deuouisse                     deuouiss
deus                          de
devastandos                   deuastand
devehit                       deuehit
devicerit                     deuicerit
devicissent                   deuicisse
devicta                       deuict
devincta                      deuinct
devinxit                      deuinxit
devocat                       deuocat
devolvunt                     deuoluu
devoratur                     deuoratur
devotionibus                  deuotion
devoverent                    deuouere
dextera                       dexter
dexteras                      dexter
dextereque                    dexter
dexteris                      dexter
dextra                        dextr
dextrae                       dextr
dextram                       dextr
dextramque                    dextr
dextras                       dextr
dextri                        dextr
dextris                       dextr
dextro                        dextr
dextrum                       dextr
dhmhthr                       dhmhthr
di                            di
diagoram                      diagor
diagoras                      diagor
dialecticorum                 dialecticor
dialecticos                   dialectic
dialem                        dial
diali                         dial
diana                         dian
dianae                        dian
dianam                        dian
dianium                       diani
dic                           dic
dicam                         dic
dicamus                       dicam
dicant                        dica
dicantur                      dicantur
dicas                         dic
dicat                         dicat
dicata                        dicat
dicatis                       dicat
dicatum                       dicat
dicatur                       dicatur
dicaturque                    dicatur
dicavit                       dicauit
dicebant                      diceba
dicebantur                    dicebantur
dicebas                       diceb
dicebat                       dicebat
dicebatur                     dicebatur
dicemus                       dicem
dicenda                       dicend
dicendae                      dicend
dicendam                      dicend
dicendast                     dicendast
dicendi                       dicend
dicendum                      dicend
dicens                        dicens
dicentem                      dicent
dicentern                     dicentern
dicenti                       dicent
dicentis                      dicent
dicentur                      dicentur
dicere                        dicer
dicerem                       dicer
dicerent                      dicere
dicerentur                    dicerentur
diceres                       dicer
diceret                       diceret
diceretilla                   diceretill
diceretis                     diceret
diceretur                     diceretur
dices                         dic
dicetur                       dicetur
dici                          dic
dicimus                       dicim
dicione                       dicion
dicionem                      dicion
dicionis                      dicion
dicis                         dic
dicit                         dicit
dicitis                       dicit
dicitur                       dicitur
dico                          dic
dicoque                       dic
dicta                         dict
dictae                        dict
dictam                        dict
dictamnus                     dictamn
dictas                        dict
dictata                       dictat
dictator                      dictator
dictatore                     dictator
dictatorem                    dictator
dictatoremque                 dictator
dictatoresue                  dictatoresu
dictatori                     dictator
dictatoriam                   dictatori
dictatoris                    dictator
dictatorque                   dictator
dictatura                     dictatur
dictaturae                    dictatur
dictaturam                    dictatur
dictaturaque                  dictatur
dictaturas                    dictatur
dicti                         dict
dictis                        dict
dictisque                     dict
dictitabant                   dictitaba
dictitabat                    dictitabat
dictitans                     dictitans
dictitant                     dictita
dictitantes                   dictitant
dictitatis                    dictitat
dictiue                       dictiu
dicto                         dict
dictu                         dict
dictum                        dict
dictumst                      dictumst
dicturi                       dictur
dicturos                      dictur
dicturum                      dictur
dictus                        dict
dicunt                        dicu
dicuntur                      dicuntur
didicerant                    didicera
didicerat                     didicerat
didicerimus                   didicerim
didicerit                     didicerit
didicimus                     didicim
didicisse                     didiciss
didicisset                    didicisset
didicistis                    didicist
diduceret                     diduceret
diductam                      diduct
diductis                      diduct
diductisque                   diduct
die                           di
diebus                        dieb
diebusque                     dieb
diei                          die
diem                          di
dierum                        dier
dies                          di
diespiter                     diespiter
diesque                       di
diferri                       diferr
differat                      differat
differemus                    differem
differenda                    differend
differendo                    differend
differendum                   differend
differimus                    differim
differrentur                  differrentur
differretur                   differretur
differri                      differr
differt                       differt
differta                      differt
differtur                     differtur
difficile                     difficil
difficilem                    difficil
difficiles                    difficil
difficili                     difficil
difficilia                    difficil
difficilibus                  difficil
difficilioribus               difficilior
difficilis                    difficil
difficilius                   difficil
difficillimum                 difficillim
difficultas                   difficult
difficultate                  difficultat
difficultatem                 difficultat
difficultates                 difficultat
difficulter                   difficulter
diffidens                     diffidens
diffiderent                   diffidere
diffisi                       diffis
diffisus                      diffis
difflcillimae                 difflcillim
diffunderet                   diffunderet
diffunditur                   diffunditur
diffusa                       diffus
digerere                      digerer
digitis                       digit
digito                        digit
digitorum                     digitor
digitos                       digit
digna                         dign
dignam                        dign
dignas                        dign
dignationem                   dignation
digni                         dign
dignior                       dignior
dignis                        dign
dignissima                    dignissim
dignissimum                   dignissim
dignitas                      dignit
dignitate                     dignitat
dignitatem                    dignitat
dignitatemque                 dignitat
dignitati                     dignitat
dignitatibus                  dignitat
dignitatibusque               dignitat
dignitatis                    dignitat
dignitatisque                 dignitat
dignorum                      dignor
dignum                        dign
dignus                        dign
digrederentur                 digrederentur
digredientibus                digredient
digreditur                    digreditur
digressi                      digress
digressos                     digress
digressu                      digress
digressus                     digress
dii                           dii
diis                          di
diiudicata                    diiudicat
diiunctionibus                diiunction
diiungerent                   diiungere
dilapsa                       dilaps
dilapsam                      dilaps
dilapsi                       dilaps
dilapsis                      dilaps
dilapsus                      dilaps
dilata                        dilat
dilatae                       dilat
dilatam                       dilat
dilatantur                    dilatantur
dilataque                     dilat
dilatavit                     dilatauit
dilationem                    dilation
dilationes                    dilation
dilatum                       dilat
dilaturos                     dilatur
dilatus                       dilat
dilectibus                    dilect
dilectu                       dilect
dilectui                      dilectu
dilectum                      dilect
dilectumque                   dilect
dilectuque                    dilect
dilectus                      dilect
dilexit                       dilexit
diligebant                    diligeba
diligemus                     diligem
diligendo                     diligend
diligentem                    diligent
diligenter                    diligenter
diligentes                    diligent
diligenti                     diligent
diligentia                    diligent
diligentiam                   diligenti
diligentiores                 diligentior
diligentissime                diligentissim
diligentissimus               diligentissim
diligentius                   diligent
diligentiusque                diligent
diligetur                     diligetur
diligi                        dilig
diligunt                      diligu
diliguntur                    diliguntur
dilucere                      dilucer
dilucide                      dilucid
diluendum                     diluend
diluere                       diluer
diluuntur                     diluuntur
dimetati                      dimetat
dimicandi                     dimicand
dimicandum                    dimicand
dimicandumque                 dimicand
dimicans                      dimicans
dimicant                      dimica
dimicantes                    dimicant
dimicare                      dimicar
dimicarent                    dimicare
dimicaret                     dimicaret
dimicaretur                   dimicaretur
dimicari                      dimicar
dimicassent                   dimicasse
dimicatio                     dimicati
dimicatione                   dimication
dimicationem                  dimication
dimicationi                   dimication
dimicationis                  dimication
dimicatum                     dimicat
dimicaturos                   dimicatur
dimicaturus                   dimicatur
dimicaverant                  dimicauera
dimicaverit                   dimicauerit
dimicent                      dimice
dimices                       dimic
dimicetur                     dimicetur
dimidia                       dimid
dimidiae                      dimidi
dimidium                      dimidi
dimidius                      dimid
dimiserant                    dimisera
dimiserat                     dimiserat
dimisere                      dimiser
dimiserit                     dimiserit
dimisit                       dimisit
dimissa                       dimiss
dimissi                       dimiss
dimissis                      dimiss
dimisso                       dimiss
dimissos                      dimiss
dimissum                      dimiss
dimissuros                    dimissur
dimissurum                    dimissur
dimissus                      dimiss
dimittant                     dimitta
dimittantur                   dimittantur
dimittat                      dimittat
dimittebat                    dimittebat
dimittendam                   dimittend
dimittendas                   dimittend
dimittendis                   dimittend
dimittere                     dimitter
dimitterent                   dimittere
dimitterentur                 dimitterentur
dimitteret                    dimitteret
dimitteretur                  dimitteretur
dimitti                       dimitt
dimittit                      dimittit
dimitto                       dimitt
dimittunt                     dimittu
dimittuntur                   dimittuntur
dimouit                       dimouit
diodotus                      diodot
diogenes                      diogen
diomedi                       diomed
diona                         dion
dionysius                     dionys
dionysos                      dionys
dionysus                      dionys
dioscorides                   dioscorid
dioscoroe                     dioscoro
dique                         di
directas                      direct
directo                       direct
directum                      direct
diremisse                     diremiss
diremisset                    diremisset
diremit                       diremit
diremitque                    diremit
direpta                       dirept
direptaque                    dirept
direptione                    direption
direptiones                   direption
direptis                      dirept
direptisque                   dirept
direptum                      dirept
direxerant                    direxera
dirigendi                     dirigend
dirigere                      diriger
diriguntur                    diriguntur
dirimatis                     dirimat
dirimente                     diriment
dirimere                      dirimer
dirimerentur                  dirimerentur
dirimet                       dirimet
dirimi                        dirim
dirimitur                     dirimitur
diripere                      diriper
diriperentur                  diriperentur
diriperet                     diriperet
diriperetur                   diriperetur
diripi                        dirip
diripienda                    diripiend
diripiendas                   diripiend
diripiendum                   diripiend
diripiuntur                   diripiuntur
diripuere                     diripuer
diruebantur                   diruebantur
diruendae                     diruend
diruendam                     diruend
dirui                         diru
diruit                        diruit
diruta                        dirut
dirutas                       dirut
dirutis                       dirut
dirutum                       dirut
dis                           dis
discam                        disc
discedam                      disced
discedant                     disceda
discedat                      discedat
discedatur                    discedatur
discedebat                    discedebat
discedens                     discedens
discedentem                   discedent
discedere                     disceder
discederent                   discedere
discederetur                  discederetur
discedi                       disced
discedimus                    discedim
discedit                      discedit
discedite                     discedit
discedunt                     discedu
discendi                      discend
disceptante                   disceptant
disceptare                    disceptar
disceptatio                   disceptati
disceptationem                disceptation
disceptatorem                 disceptator
disceptetur                   disceptetur
discere                       discer
discernere                    discerner
discerpi                      discerp
discerptum                    discerpt
discesserant                  discessera
discesserat                   discesserat
discessere                    discesser
discesserunt                  discesseru
discessimus                   discessim
discessisse                   discessiss
discessisset                  discessisset
discessit                     discessit
discessu                      discess
discessum                     discess
discessuri                    discessur
discessurum                   discessur
discessusque                  discess
discidia                      discid
discidisse                    discidiss
disciplina                    disciplin
disciplinae                   disciplin
disciplinaeque                disciplin
disciplinam                   disciplin
disciplinamque                disciplin
disciplinaque                 disciplin
disciplinarum                 disciplinar
disciplinas                   disciplin
disciplinis                   disciplin
discipuli                     discipul
discipulum                    discipul
discissurum                   discissur
discordes                     discord
discordia                     discord
discordiae                    discordi
discordiam                    discordi
discordiamque                 discordi
discordiaque                  discord
discordiarum                  discordiar
discordias                    discordi
discors                       discors
discrepantes                  discrepant
discrepanti                   discrepant
discrepare                    discrepar
discreparet                   discreparet
discribit                     discribit
discrimen                     discrimen
discrimenque                  discrimen
discriminaque                 discrimin
discrimine                    discrimin
discriminis                   discrimin
discriminum                   discrimin
discripsit                    discripsit
discriptio                    discripti
discriptione                  discription
discriptionem                 discription
discurrentes                  discurrent
discurrere                    discurrer
discurreret                   discurreret
discurrit                     discurrit
discurritur                   discurritur
discurrunt                    discurru
discussit                     discussit
discussum                     discuss
discussurum                   discussur
discuterent                   discutere
disertus                      disert
disicere                      disicer
dispares                      dispar
disparia                      dispar
disparibus                    dispar
dispensationem                dispensation
dispensavit                   dispensauit
dispergit                     dispergit
dispersam                     dispers
disperserat                   disperserat
dispersi                      dispers
dispersique                   dispers
dispersis                     dispers
dispersisque                  dispers
dispersos                     dispers
dispertiri                    dispertir
displicere                    displicer
displicerent                  displicere
displicet                     displicet
displicuisse                  displicuiss
disponendis                   disponend
disponit                      disponit
disponunt                     disponu
disposita                     disposit
dispositae                    disposit
dispositi                     disposit
dispositis                    disposit
dispositisque                 disposit
dispositos                    disposit
disposuerat                   disposuerat
disposuit                     disposuit
disputabas                    disputab
disputabimus                  disputabim
disputandi                    disputand
disputando                    disputand
disputant                     disputa
disputante                    disputant
disputantem                   disputant
disputantur                   disputantur
disputare                     disputar
disputarem                    disputar
disputari                     disputar
disputat                      disputat
disputata                     disputat
disputatio                    disputati
disputatione                  disputation
disputationem                 disputation
disputationibus               disputation
disputationis                 disputation
disputatum                    disputat
disputatumst                  disputatumst
disputatur                    disputatur
disputavi                     disputau
disputemus                    disputem
dissensio                     dissensi
dissensione                   dissension
dissensiones                  dissension
dissensionis                  dissension
dissensionum                  dissension
dissentiant                   dissentia
dissentiens                   dissentiens
dissentire                    dissentir
dissentiret                   dissentiret
dissentiunt                   dissentiu
disseram                      disser
disserendi                    disserend
disserendo                    disserend
disserendum                   disserend
disserentium                  disserenti
disserere                     disserer
dissereret                    dissereret
dissero                       disser
disseruere                    disseruer
disseruit                     disseruit
dissidentes                   dissident
dissignari                    dissignar
dissignata                    dissignat
dissignationem                dissignation
dissimiles                    dissimil
dissimilia                    dissimil
dissimilis                    dissimil
dissimillima                  dissimillim
dissimillimis                 dissimillim
dissimulando                  dissimuland
dissimulans                   dissimulans
dissimulari                   dissimular
dissimularique                dissimular
dissimulat                    dissimulat
dissiparentur                 dissiparentur
dissipasset                   dissipasset
dissipat                      dissipat
dissipatae                    dissipat
dissipatam                    dissipat
dissipatamque                 dissipat
dissipatio                    dissipati
dissipatique                  dissipat
dissipato                     dissipat
dissipatos                    dissipat
dissipes                      dissip
dissolubile                   dissolubil
dissolubilis                  dissolubil
dissoluendae                  dissoluend
dissolui                      dissolu
dissolvendae                  dissoluend
dissolvendum                  dissoluend
dissolvit                     dissoluit
dissolvitis                   dissoluit
dissonas                      disson
dissonos                      disson
dissonus                      disson
dissuasor                     dissuasor
dissuasum                     dissuas
dissupabilis                  dissupabil
distabant                     distaba
distans                       distans
distantes                     distant
distantia                     distant
distantibus                   distant
distantium                    distanti
distenderent                  distendere
distenderetur                 distenderetur
distentam                     distent
distentum                     distent
distincta                     distinct
distincte                     distinct
distinctio                    distincti
distinctionem                 distinction
distinctis                    distinct
distinctos                    distinct
distinctum                    distinct
distineat                     distineat
distinebant                   distineba
distinendae                   distinend
distinerent                   distinere
distineret                    distineret
distinguitur                  distinguitur
distractam                    distract
distractione                  distraction
distrahat                     distrahat
distrahendum                  distrahend
distrahi                      distrah
distrahive                    distrahiu
distribuentes                 distribuent
distribuerat                  distribuerat
distribuit                    distribuit
distribuitur                  distribuitur
distributi                    distribut
distributionem                distribution
distributoque                 distribut
distribuunt                   distribuu
distulerunt                   distuleru
distulissent                  distulisse
distulisset                   distulisset
distulit                      distulit
disturbaret                   disturbaret
disturbat                     disturbat
ditari                        ditar
dites                         dit
diti                          dit
diu                           di
diuendita                     diuendit
diuenditis                    diuendit
diuersa                       diuers
diuersae                      diuers
diuersi                       diuers
diuersis                      diuers
diuersum                      diuers
diuidere                      diuider
diuiderentur                  diuiderentur
diuidit                       diuidit
diuinae                       diuin
diuinarum                     diuinar
diuine                        diuin
diuinet                       diuinet
diuini                        diuin
diuinis                       diuin
diuino                        diuin
diuisae                       diuis
diuiserant                    diuisera
diuisique                     diuis
diuisit                       diuisit
diuiso                        diuis
diuisum                       diuis
diuisurus                     diuisur
diuites                       diuit
diuitiis                      diuiti
diurni                        diurn
diurnis                       diurn
diurno                        diurn
diurnorum                     diurnor
diutina                       diutin
diutino                       diutin
diutissime                    diutissim
diutius                       diut
diuturna                      diuturn
diuturnam                     diuturn
diuturni                      diuturn
diuturnitas                   diuturnit
diuturnitate                  diuturnitat
diuturnitatem                 diuturnitat
diuturnius                    diuturn
diuturnoque                   diuturn
diuturnum                     diuturn
diuturnus                     diuturn
diversa                       diuers
diversamque                   diuers
diversi                       diuers
diversis                      diuers
diversissimis                 diuersissim
diverso                       diuers
diversum                      diuers
dives                         diu
diviam                        diui
dividantur                    diuidantur
dividendi                     diuidend
dividendis                    diuidend
dividendo                     diuidend
dividere                      diuider
divideret                     diuideret
divideretur                   diuideretur
dividi                        diuid
dividit                       diuidit
dividitur                     diuiditur
dividunt                      diuidu
dividuum                      diuidu
divina                        diuin
divinae                       diuin
divinam                       diuin
divinaque                     diuin
divinas                       diuin
divinassent                   diuinasse
divinatio                     diuinati
divinatione                   diuination
divinationis                  diuination
divini                        diuin
divinique                     diuin
divinis                       diuin
divinitas                     diuinit
divinitate                    diuinitat
divinitatem                   diuinitat
divinitatisque                diuinitat
divinitus                     diuinit
divinius                      diuin
divino                        diuin
divinos                       diuin
divinum                       diuin
divinus                       diuin
divis                         diu
divisa                        diuis
divisam                       diuis
divisio                       diuisi
divisionem                    diuision
divisisse                     diuisiss
divisisti                     diuisist
divisit                       diuisit
diviso                        diuis
divisui                       diuisu
divisum                       diuis
divisus                       diuis
divitem                       diuit
divitiae                      diuiti
divitiaeque                   diuiti
divitibus                     diuit
divitiis                      diuiti
divomque                      diuom
divulgato                     diuulgat
divum                         diu
divumque                      diu
dixeram                       dixer
dixerant                      dixera
dixerat                       dixerat
dixere                        dixer
dixerim                       dixerim
dixerimus                     dixerim
dixerint                      dixeri
dixeris                       dixer
dixerit                       dixerit
dixerunt                      dixeru
dixi                          dix
diximus                       dixim
dixisse                       dixiss
dixissem                      dixiss
dixissent                     dixisse
dixisses                      dixiss
dixisset                      dixisset
dixisti                       dixist
dixit                         dixit
do                            do
doce                          doc
doceam                        doce
doceant                       docea
doceas                        doce
doceat                        doceat
docebatque                    docebat
docebit                       docebit
docebo                        doceb
docendi                       docend
docendoque                    docend
docent                        doce
docere                        docer
doceri                        docer
doces                         doc
docet                         docet
docti                         doct
doctis                        doct
doctissimorum                 doctissimor
doctissumus                   doctissum
doctos                        doct
doctrina                      doctrin
doctrinae                     doctrin
doctus                        doct
docuerat                      docuerat
docuerimus                    docuerim
docuerunt                     docueru
docui                         docu
docuimus                      docuim
docuisse                      docuiss
docuisset                     docuisset
docuit                        docuit
documento                     document
documentoque                  document
documentum                    document
doleant                       dolea
dolentem                      dolent
dolere                        doler
doli                          dol
doliolis                      doliol
dolo                          dol
dolor                         dolor
dolore                        dolor
dolorem                       dolor
dolori                        dolor
doloris                       dolor
dolos                         dol
doluisse                      doluiss
dolum                         dol
dolus                         dol
domandam                      domand
domando                       domand
domare                        domar
domari                        domar
domestica                     domestic
domesticam                    domestic
domesticarum                  domesticar
domestici                     domestic
domesticis                    domestic
domestico                     domestic
domesticos                    domestic
domesticum                    domestic
domi                          dom
domibus                       dom
domicilia                     domicil
domiciliis                    domicili
domicilioque                  domicili
domicilium                    domicili
domina                        domin
dominae                       domin
dominari                      dominar
dominatio                     dominati
dominatione                   domination
dominationem                  domination
dominatorem                   dominator
dominatumque                  dominat
dominatuque                   dominat
dominatus                     dominat
domini                        domin
dominis                       domin
domino                        domin
dominorum                     dominor
dominos                       domin
dominosque                    domin
dominum                       domin
dominus                       domin
domique                       dom
domitamque                    domit
domiti                        domit
domitianas                    domitian
domitiani                     domitian
domitianis                    domitian
domitianos                    domitian
domitii                       domit
domitio                       domiti
domitis                       domit
domitium                      domiti
domitius                      domit
domitos                       domit
domitu                        domit
domitumque                    domit
domnilaus                     domnila
domo                          dom
domos                         dom
domui                         domu
domuit                        domuit
domum                         dom
domumque                      dom
domus                         dom
dona                          don
donaque                       don
donare                        donar
donarent                      donare
donasse                       donass
donatio                       donati
donationem                    donation
donatos                       donat
donatum                       donat
donatus                       donat
donatusque                    donat
donauere                      donauer
donaverit                     donauerit
donavit                       donauit
donec                         donec
doni                          don
donis                         don
dono                          don
donoque                       don
donum                         don
donumque                      don
dormientem                    dormient
dormientes                    dormient
dormienti                     dormient
dormientibus                  dormient
dormierint                    dormieri
dorso                         dors
dorsuo                        dorsu
doxas                         dox
draco                         drac
draconis                      dracon
drusum                        drus
drusus                        drus
duabus                        duab
duabusque                     duab
duae                          du
duaeque                       du
duarum                        duar
duas                          du
duasque                       du
dubia                         dub
dubiae                        dubi
dubiam                        dubi
dubie                         dubi
dubii                         dub
dubiis                        dubi
dubiisque                     dubi
dubio                         dubi
dubitabas                     dubitab
dubitabis                     dubitab
dubitamus                     dubitam
dubitandum                    dubitand
dubitans                      dubitans
dubitant                      dubita
dubitantem                    dubitant
dubitare                      dubitar
dubitares                     dubitar
dubitaret                     dubitaret
dubitari                      dubitar
dubitas                       dubit
dubitat                       dubitat
dubitatio                     dubitati
dubitatione                   dubitation
dubitationem                  dubitation
dubitatis                     dubitat
dubitatum                     dubitat
dubitatur                     dubitatur
dubitaverat                   dubitauerat
dubitet                       dubitet
dubitetque                    dubitet
dubito                        dubit
dubium                        dubi
dubius                        dub
ducant                        duca
ducat                         ducat
ducatur                       ducatur
duce                          duc
ducebant                      duceba
ducebas                       duceb
ducebat                       ducebat
ducem                         duc
ducemque                      duc
ducenda                       ducend
ducendo                       ducend
ducendum                      ducend
ducendus                      ducend
ducens                        ducens
ducentibus                    ducent
ducentis                      ducent
ducentos                      ducent
ducere                        ducer
ducerent                      ducere
ducerentur                    ducerentur
duceret                       duceret
duces                         duc
ducesque                      duc
ducetur                       ducetur
duci                          duc
ducibus                       duc
ducibusque                    duc
ducique                       duc
ducis                         duc
ducit                         ducit
ducitis                       ducit
ducitur                       ducitur
ducta                         duct
ductae                        duct
ductas                        duct
ductast                       ductast
ducti                         duct
ductis                        duct
ducto                         duct
ductoque                      duct
ductor                        ductor
ductos                        duct
ductu                         duct
ductum                        duct
ducturi                       ductur
ducturus                      ductur
ductus                        duct
ducunt                        ducu
ducuntur                      ducuntur
duellium                      duelli
duello                        duell
duillio                       duilli
duillios                      duilli
duillium                      duilli
duillius                      duill
dulcedine                     dulcedin
dulcedinem                    dulcedin
dulcedinis                    dulcedin
dulcedo                       dulced
dulcia                        dulc
dulcibus                      dulc
dum                           dum
dumeta                        dumet
dummodo                       dummod
dumtaxat                      dumtaxat
duo                           du
duobus                        duob
duobusque                     duob
duodecim                      duodecim
duodenis                      duoden
duodenos                      duoden
duodequadragesimo             duodequadragesim
duodequadraginta              duodequadragint
duorum                        duor
duorurn                       duorurn
duos                          du
duplex                        duplex
duplicando                    duplicand
duplicaret                    duplicaret
duplicariosque                duplicari
duplicato                     duplicat
duplicatoque                  duplicat
duplicatur                    duplicatur
duplicatus                    duplicat
duplicem                      duplic
duplices                      duplic
duplici                       duplic
duplicique                    duplic
durare                        durar
duratura                      duratur
durescit                      durescit
duriae                        duri
durior                        durior
durius                        dur
duriusque                     dur
duros                         dur
durum                         dur
dus                           dus
duum                          du
duumuir                       duumuir
duumuiri                      duumuir
duumuiris                     duumuir
duumuiros                     duumuir
duumviri                      duumuir
duumviris                     duumuir
dux                           dux
duxerant                      duxera
duxerat                       duxerat
duxere                        duxer
duxerit                       duxerit
duxero                        duxer
duxerunt                      duxeru
duxisse                       duxiss
duxisset                      duxisset
duxit                         duxit
dynastis                      dynast
dyrrachii                     dyrrach
dyrrachinis                   dyrrachin
dyrrachino                    dyrrachin
dyrrachinorum                 dyrrachinor
dyrrachio                     dyrrachi
dyrrachioque                  dyrrachi
dyrrachium                    dyrrachi
dyrrachiumque                 dyrrachi
e                             e
ea                            ea
eadem                         ead
eademque                      ead
eae                           eae
eaeque                        eae
eam                           eam
eamne                         eamn
eamque                        eam
eandem                        eand
eandemque                     eand
eant                          ea
eaque                         ea
earum                         ear
earumque                      ear
earurn                        earurn
eas                           eas
easdem                        easd
easdemque                     easd
ease                          eas
easque                        eas
east                          east
eat                           eat
eburneis                      eburne
eburneo                       eburne
ecce                          ecc
ecentibus                     ecent
ecerent                       ecere
ecetrae                       ecetr
ecetram                       ecetr
ecetranis                     ecetran
ecetranorum                   ecetranor
ecetranum                     ecetran
ecetras                       ecetr
ecferant                      ecfera
ecit                          ecit
ecnubere                      ecnuber
eco                           ec
ecquando                      ecquand
ecquem                        ecqu
ecquid                        ecquid
ecquis                        ecqu
ecquod                        ecquod
ecquos                        ecqu
eculeo                        ecule
ecum                          ec
ecunt                         ecu
ede                           ed
edebant                       edeba
edendi                        edend
edera                         eder
edere                         eder
edicere                       edicer
edicerentur                   edicerentur
edici                         edic
edicimus                      edicim
edicit                        edicit
edicitur                      edicitur
edicto                        edict
edictum                       edict
edictumque                    edict
edicunt                       edicu
edidere                       edider
ediderim                      ediderim
ediderint                     edideri
ediderunt                     edideru
edidimus                      edidim
edidisse                      edidiss
edidisset                     edidisset
edidit                        edidit
edit                          edit
edita                         edit
editam                        edit
editi                         edit
editione                      edition
editior                       editior
editioribus                   editior
editis                        edit
edito                         edit
editos                        edit
editum                        edit
edixerunt                     edixeru
edixisse                      edixiss
edixissent                    edixisse
edixisset                     edixisset
edixit                        edixit
edoceret                      edoceret
edoceri                       edocer
edocti                        edoct
edocuissent                   edocuisse
edocuit                       edocuit
educamus                      educam
educandis                     educand
educandos                     educand
educantur                     educantur
educari                       educar
educati                       educat
educator                      educator
educatus                      educat
educatusque                   educat
educaui                       educau
educent                       educe
educere                       educer
educerent                     educere
educes                        educ
educi                         educ
educit                        educit
educta                        educt
eductas                       educt
eductis                       educt
eductos                       educt
eductum                       educt
educturi                      eductur
educunt                       educu
edunt                         edu
eduxerat                      eduxerat
eduxit                        eduxit
effando                       effand
effata                        effat
effecerant                    effecera
effecerat                     effecerat
effecere                      effecer
effecerit                     effecerit
effecerunt                    effeceru
effecisse                     effeciss
effecisset                    effecisset
effecit                       effecit
effecitque                    effecit
effecta                       effect
effectae                      effect
effectam                      effect
effectis                      effect
effectos                      effect
effectu                       effect
effectum                      effect
effectura                     effectur
effectus                      effect
effeminarunt                  effeminaru
effeminata                    effeminat
efferantur                    efferantur
efferari                      efferar
efferarunt                    efferaru
efferati                      efferat
efferatus                     efferat
efferauerant                  efferauera
efferebant                    effereba
efferre                       efferr
efferret                      efferret
efferretur                    efferretur
efferri                       efferr
efferunt                      efferu
effervescunt                  efferuescu
efficaces                     efficac
efficacissimam                efficacissim
efficere                      efficer
efficeret                     efficeret
effici                        effic
efficiam                      effici
efficiat                      efficiat
efficiatur                    efficiatur
efficiebant                   efficieba
efficiebat                    efficiebat
efficiendis                   efficiend
efficiendum                   efficiend
efficiens                     efficiens
efficientiam                  efficienti
efficies                      effici
efficimus                     efficim
efficis                       effic
efficit                       efficit
efficitis                     efficit
efficitur                     efficitur
efficiunt                     efficiu
efficiuntur                   efficiuntur
effigiem                      effigi
effigies                      effigi
effingere                     effinger
effingis                      effing
effingitis                    effingit
efflagitatum                  efflagitat
effluens                      effluens
effoderunt                    effoderu
effossisque                   effoss
effractis                     effract
effrenatam                    effrenat
effrenati                     effrenat
effrenatiorem                 effrenatior
effreno                       effren
effudit                       effudit
effugere                      effuger
effugerent                    effugere
effugeret                     effugeret
effugerint                    effugeri
effugerit                     effugerit
effugia                       effug
effugiat                      effugiat
effugiebant                   effugieba
effugissent                   effugisse
effugiunt                     effugiu
effunditur                    effunditur
effundunt                     effundu
effusa                        effus
effusae                       effus
effusas                       effus
effuse                        effus
effuseque                     effus
effusi                        effus
effusione                     effusion
effusior                      effusior
effusis                       effus
effusius                      effus
effuso                        effus
effusoque                     effus
effusos                       effus
effusus                       effus
effutientem                   effutient
effuttiunt                    effuttiu
egeant                        egea
egeat                         egeat
egebant                       egeba
egemus                        egem
egens                         egens
egentem                       egent
egentes                       egent
egentibus                     egent
egentissimis                  egentissim
egerat                        egerat
egere                         eger
egeremus                      egerem
egeret                        egeret
egeri                         eger
egeria                        eger
egerint                       egeri
egerio                        egeri
egerit                        egerit
egerius                       eger
egerunt                       egeru
egestae                       egest
eget                          eget
egi                           eg
egisse                        egiss
egissent                      egisse
egisset                       egisset
egit                          egit
ego                           eg
egone                         egon
egrederentur                  egrederentur
egredi                        egred
egrediens                     egrediens
egredimini                    egredimin
egreditur                     egreditur
egregia                       egreg
egregiae                      egregi
egregie                       egregi
egregieque                    egregi
egregiis                      egregi
egregio                       egregi
egregium                      egregi
egregius                      egreg
egressa                       egress
egressi                       egress
egressis                      egress
egressum                      egress
egressus                      egress
eguerunt                      egueru
eguissent                     eguisse
eguit                         eguit
egus                          eg
ei                            ei
eicere                        eicer
eiciunt                       eiciu
eidem                         eid
eiecerat                      eiecerat
eiecisti                      eiecist
eiecit                        eiecit
eiecti                        eiect
eiectis                       eiect
eique                         ei
eis                           eis
eisdem                        eisd
eita                          eit
eiti                          eit
eitis                         eit
eitos                         eit
eitum                         eit
eitus                         eit
eius                          eius
eiusdem                       eiusd
eiusdemque                    eiusd
eiusmodi                      eiusmod
eiusque                       eius
elabitur                      elabitur
elanguescendum                elanguescend
elanguit                      elanguit
elapsos                       elaps
elapsum                       elaps
elapsus                       elaps
elata                         elat
elatam                        elat
elati                         elat
elatis                        elat
elatos                        elat
elatum                        elat
elatumque                     elat
elatus                        elat
elatusque                     elat
eleatem                       eleat
electi                        elect
electis                       elect
electo                        elect
electos                       elect
elegantes                     elegant
elegantius                    elegant
elegerunt                     elegeru
elegisse                      elegiss
elephantis                    elephant
elephantisque                 elephant
elephanto                     elephant
elephantorum                  elephantor
elephantost                   elephantost
eleuatis                      eleuat
eleusinem                     eleusin
elevabant                     eleuaba
elevarant                     eleuara
elevatur                      eleuatur
eli                           el
elicere                       elicer
eliceret                      eliceret
elici                         elic
elicienda                     eliciend
eliciendos                    eliciend
elicimus                      elicim
elicio                        elici
elicuit                       elicuit
elide                         elid
eliderentur                   eliderentur
eligamus                      eligam
eligendo                      eligend
eligere                       eliger
eligi                         elig
elocutus                      elocut
eloquendi                     eloquend
eloquentem                    eloquent
eloquentia                    eloquent
eloquentiam                   eloquenti
eludebant                     eludeba
eludebat                      eludebat
eludensque                    eludens
eludentem                     eludent
eludentes                     eludent
eludi                         elud
eludit                        eludit
elusa                         elus
elusamque                     elus
elusi                         elus
emanabat                      emanabat
emendata                      emendat
emendos                       emend
ementiebantur                 ementiebantur
ementita                      ementit
emergentes                    emergent
emergit                       emergit
emerita                       emerit
emeritis                      emerit
emersissent                   emersisse
emersus                       emers
emi                           em
emineat                       emineat
eminebant                     emineba
eminebat                      eminebat
eminens                       eminens
eminent                       emine
eminente                      eminent
eminentes                     eminent
eminentiam                    eminenti
eminentibus                   eminent
eminentiores                  eminentior
eminentis                     eminent
eminere                       eminer
emineret                      emineret
eminus                        emin
emiserat                      emiserat
emiseris                      emiser
emisisse                      emisiss
emisisset                     emisisset
emisit                        emisit
emissa                        emiss
emissae                       emiss
emissam                       emiss
emisse                        emiss
emissi                        emiss
emissis                       emiss
emisso                        emiss
emissum                       emiss
emittebat                     emittebat
emittit                       emittit
emittitur                     emittitur
emittunt                      emittu
emolumenti                    emolument
emolumento                    emolument
emolumentum                   emolument
empedoclemque                 empedocl
empedocles                    empedocl
emptam                        empt
empto                         empt
emptorum                      emptor
emptos                        empt
en                            en
enarrasset                    enarrasset
enetos                        enet
enetum                        enet
engonasin                     engonasin
enim                          enim
enimuero                      enimuer
enisus                        enis
eniterentur                   eniterentur
eniteret                      eniteret
enituit                       enituit
enituntur                     enituntur
enixe                         enix
enni                          enn
ennim                         ennim
ennius                        enn
enodandis                     enodand
enodatio                      enodati
ensem                         ens
enumerare                     enumerar
enumerari                     enumerar
enumerasti                    enumerast
enumeratis                    enumerat
eo                            eo
eodem                         eod
eodemque                      eod
eoque                         eo
eorum                         eor
eorumque                      eor
eos                           eos
eosdem                        eosd
eosque                        eos
epheborum                     ephebor
ephesi                        ephes
ephesiae                      ephesi
epheso                        ephes
epicure                       epicur
epicurea                      epicure
epicurei                      epicure
epicureo                      epicure
epicureorum                   epicureor
epicureos                     epicure
epicureum                     epicure
epicureus                     epicure
epicuri                       epicur
epicuro                       epicur
epicurum                      epicur
epicurus                      epicur
epidauri                      epidaur
epiro                         epir
epiroque                      epir
epiros                        epir
epirum                        epir
epulae                        epul
epulantesque                  epulant
epulas                        epul
epulisque                     epul
epulo                         epul
equae                         equ
eques                         equ
equester                      equester
equestre                      equestr
equestrem                     equestr
equestri                      equestr
equestribus                   equestr
equestris                     equestr
equi                          equ
equidem                       equid
equique                       equ
equis                         equ
equitare                      equitar
equitatu                      equitat
equitatuique                  equitatu
equitatum                     equitat
equitatumque                  equitat
equitatuque                   equitat
equitatus                     equitat
equitatusque                  equitat
equite                        equit
equitem                       equit
equitemque                    equit
equites                       equit
equitesque                    equit
equiti                        equit
equitibus                     equit
equitibusque                  equit
equitis                       equit
equitum                       equit
equitumque                    equit
equo                          equ
equorum                       equor
equorumque                    equor
equos                         equ
equosque                      equ
equum                         equ
equus                         equ
er                            er
eram                          er
eramus                        eram
erant                         era
erat                          erat
erebo                         ereb
erecta                        erect
erectheus                     erecthe
erecti                        erect
erectos                       erect
erepta                        erept
ereptae                       erept
ereptam                       erept
ereptas                       erept
ereptis                       erept
ereptoque                     erept
ereptum                       erept
erepturi                      ereptur
ereptus                       erept
ereto                         eret
eretum                        eret
erexerant                     erexera
erexit                        erexit
erga                          erg
ergastulis                    ergastul
ergastulum                    ergastul
ergo                          erg
ericio                        erici
ericius                       eric
erige                         erig
erigebat                      erigebat
erigerent                     erigere
erigeret                      erigeret
erigit                        erigit
erigunt                       erigu
eriperent                     eripere
eriperet                      eriperet
eripi                         erip
eripiebatur                   eripiebatur
eripiendis                    eripiend
eripiendos                    eripiend
eripiendus                    eripiend
eripique                      erip
eripitur                      eripitur
eripiuntur                    eripiuntur
eripuere                      eripuer
eripuerint                    eripueri
eripuimus                     eripuim
erit                          erit
eritque                       erit
ero                           er
erogandi                      erogand
erogaretur                    erogaretur
errabundi                     errabund
errantem                      errant
errantes                      errant
errantibus                    errant
errantium                     erranti
errare                        errar
errarent                      errare
errat                         errat
erratio                       errati
erravero                      errauer
erraverunt                    erraueru
error                         error
errore                        error
errorem                       error
errores                       error
erroresque                    error
errori                        error
erroribus                     error
erroris                       error
erubescant                    erubesca
erudiebat                     erudiebat
erudirique                    erudir
eruditi                       erudit
eruditum                      erudit
eruditus                      erudit
eruit                         eruit
erumpendum                    erumpend
erumpentem                    erumpent
erumpentium                   erumpenti
erumperent                    erumpere
erumpit                       erumpit
erumpunt                      erumpu
erunt                         eru
eruntque                      eru
erupissent                    erupisse
erupit                        erupit
eruptio                       erupti
eruptione                     eruption
eruptionem                    eruption
eruptiones                    eruption
eruptioni                     eruption
eruptionibus                  eruption
eruptionis                    eruption
eruptionisque                 eruption
erupturam                     eruptur
es                            es
escam                         esc
escendit                      escendit
escendunt                     escendu
escis                         esc
esculenta                     esculent
esculentis                    esculent
esperov                       espero
esquiliarum                   esquiliar
esquilias                     esquili
esquiliis                     esquili
esquilina                     esquilin
esquilinae                    esquilin
esquilinam                    esquilin
esse                          ess
essem                         ess
essemus                       essem
essent                        esse
esseque                       ess
esses                         ess
esset                         esset
essetis                       esset
est                           est
esta                          est
estiadicitur                  estiadicitur
estis                         est
estisne                       estisn
estne                         estn
esto                          est
estque                        est
et                            et
etenim                        etenim
etesias                       etesi
etesiis                       etesi
etiam                         eti
etiamsi                       etiams
etitouio                      etitoui
etruria                       etrur
etruriae                      etruri
etruriaeque                   etruri
etruriam                      etruri
etruriamque                   etruri
etrusca                       etrusc
etruscae                      etrusc
etruscaeque                   etrusc
etruscas                      etrusc
etrusci                       etrusc
etruscique                    etrusc
etruscis                      etrusc
etruscisne                    etruscisn
etrusco                       etrusc
etruscorum                    etruscor
etruscos                      etrusc
etruscosque                   etrusc
etruscum                      etrusc
etsi                          ets
euadere                       euader
euaderent                     euadere
euaderet                      euaderet
euadit                        euadit
euadunt                       euadu
euagandi                      euagand
euanescere                    euanescer
euasere                       euaser
euasisse                      euasiss
euasisset                     euasisset
euasit                        euasit
euastata                      euastat
euasura                       euasur
eubuleus                      eubule
euectus                       euect
euehebant                     eueheba
eueheretur                    eueheretur
euenerant                     euenera
euenerat                      euenerat
euenere                       euener
eueniat                       eueniat
euenisse                      eueniss
euenit                        euenit
euentu                        euent
euentum                       euent
euentuque                     euent
euentus                       euent
euersae                       euers
euersam                       euers
euersuri                      euersur
euertere                      euerter
euertisse                     euertiss
euerunt                       eueru
euganeisque                   eugane
euhemero                      euhemer
eui                           eu
euicere                       euicer
euicerunt                     euiceru
euidens                       euidens
euincebant                    euinceba
euincuntque                   euincu
euisset                       euisset
euit                          euit
euius                         eu
eum                           eum
eumenides                     eumenid
eumque                        eum
eundem                        eund
eundemque                     eund
eundo                         eund
eundum                        eund
eunt                          eu
euntem                        eunt
eunucho                       eunuch
eunuchus                      eunuch
euocasse                      euocass
euocati                       euocat
euocatos                      euocat
euocatum                      euocat
euocauere                     euocauer
euocavit                      euocauit
euphrates                     euphrat
euripides                     euripid
euripo                        eurip
europam                       europ
evadere                       euader
evadit                        euadit
evander                       euander
evandro                       euandr
evandrum                      euandr
evenerat                      euenerat
evenerit                      euenerit
evenit                        euenit
eveniunt                      eueniu
eventu                        euent
eventum                       euent
eventurum                     euentur
eventus                       euent
everriculum                   euerricul
evertens                      euertens
everterit                     euerterit
evertit                       euertit
evidens                       euidens
evidentius                    euident
evocantur                     euocantur
evocari                       euocar
evocasse                      euocass
evocat                        euocat
evocata                       euocat
evocati                       euocat
evocatis                      euocat
evocatisque                   euocat
evocato                       euocat
evocatorum                    euocator
evocatos                      euocat
evocatus                      euocat
evocaverant                   euocauera
evocaverat                    euocauerat
evocavit                      euocauit
evocentur                     euocentur
evolsionem                    euolsion
evolsum                       euols
evomere                       euomer
ex                            ex
exacerbarentur                exacerbarentur
exacerbatoque                 exacerbat
exacerbauerant                exacerbauera
exacta                        exact
exactae                       exact
exactaque                     exact
exacti                        exact
exactique                     exact
exactis                       exact
exacto                        exact
exactorem                     exactor
exactoribus                   exactor
exactos                       exact
exactum                       exact
exaedificare                  exaedificar
exaedificaverat               exaedificauerat
exaequandae                   exaequand
exaequari                     exaequar
exagitabantur                 exagitabantur
examen                        examen
exanimare                     exanimar
exanimarentur                 exanimarentur
exanimes                      exanim
exarescebant                  exaresceba
exarserant                    exarsera
exarserit                     exarserit
exarsit                       exarsit
exaudiebantur                 exaudiebantur
exaudirent                    exaudire
exaudiri                      exaudir
exauditae                     exaudit
exauditam                     exaudit
exaudito                      exaudit
exauditus                     exaudit
exaugurare                    exaugurar
exaugurationes                exauguration
excarnificatum                excarnificat
excedebat                     excedebat
excedendus                    excedend
excedere                      exceder
excederent                    excedere
excederet                     excederet
excedit                       excedit
excellat                      excellat
excellens                     excellens
excellentem                   excellent
excellentes                   excellent
excellenti                    excellent
excellentibus                 excellent
excellentis                   excellent
excellentissimam              excellentissim
excellentissuma               excellentissum
excellere                     exceller
excelleret                    excelleret
excellit                      excellit
excelsa                       excels
excelsae                      excels
excelsis                      excels
excelsissimus                 excelsissim
excelsum                      excels
excepere                      exceper
exceperunt                    exceperu
excepissent                   excepisse
excepisset                    excepisset
excepit                       excepit
excepta                       except
exceptam                      except
excepti                       except
excepto                       except
exceptum                      except
excepturum                    exceptur
exceptus                      except
excesserant                   excessera
excesserat                    excesserat
excesserint                   excesseri
excesseris                    excesser
excesserunt                   excesseru
excessisse                    excessiss
excessisset                   excessisset
excessit                      excessit
excidere                      excider
excidia                       excid
excidii                       excid
excidio                       excidi
excidit                       excidit
excidium                      excidi
exciebant                     excieba
excipere                      exciper
exciperent                    excipere
exciperet                     exciperet
exciperetur                   exciperetur
excipiatque                   excipiat
excipiebant                   excipieba
excipiens                     excipiens
excipit                       excipit
excipitur                     excipitur
excipiunt                     excipiu
excipiuntur                   excipiuntur
excirent                      excire
excisis                       excis
excisoque                     excis
excitabant                    excitaba
excitabat                     excitabat
excitam                       excit
excitamur                     excitamur
excitanda                     excitand
excitandi                     excitand
excitantur                    excitantur
excitarent                    excitare
excitari                      excitar
excitata                      excitat
excitatae                     excitat
excitati                      excitat
excitatior                    excitatior
excitatos                     excitat
excitatum                     excitat
excitatus                     excitat
excitauerunt                  excitaueru
excitet                       excitet
exciti                        excit
excitis                       excit
excitos                       excit
excitus                       excit
exciuerat                     exciuerat
exciuere                      exciuer
exciuisse                     exciuiss
exciuit                       exciuit
excivere                      exciuer
excivisset                    exciuisset
exclamare                     exclamar
exclamasset                   exclamasset
exclamat                      exclamat
exclamauit                    exclamauit
excludantur                   excludantur
excludebant                   excludeba
excludendi                    excludend
excludere                     excluder
excluderent                   excludere
excluderet                    excluderet
exclusere                     excluser
exclusi                       exclus
exclusit                      exclusit
excluso                       exclus
exclusus                      exclus
excogitabantur                excogitabantur
excogitari                    excogitar
excors                        excors
excubabant                    excubaba
excubans                      excubans
excubare                      excubar
excubuerant                   excubuera
excucurrerunt                 excucurreru
excucurrissent                excucurrisse
excuderunt                    excuderu
excurrunt                     excurru
excursiones                   excursion
excursionibus                 excursion
excusare                      excusar
excusaretur                   excusaretur
excusat                       excusat
excusatio                     excusati
excusatione                   excusation
excusationem                  excusation
excusationibusque             excusation
excussis                      excuss
excussisset                   excussisset
exeamus                       exeam
exeant                        exea
exedra                        exedr
exegerat                      exegerat
exemere                       exemer
exemisset                     exemisset
exemit                        exemit
exempla                       exempl
exempli                       exempl
exemplis                      exempl
exemplo                       exempl
exemploque                    exempl
exemplum                      exempl
exemptam                      exempt
exer                          exer
exerceamur                    exerceamur
exercebat                     exercebat
exercendique                  exercend
exercendis                    exercend
exercendorum                  exercendor
exercerent                    exercere
exerceret                     exerceret
exerceri                      exercer
exercita                      exercit
exercitati                    exercitat
exercitatione                 exercitation
exercitationibus              exercitation
exercitatis                   exercitat
exercitatissimis              exercitatissim
exercitatus                   exercitat
exercitibus                   exercit
exercitu                      exercit
exercitui                     exercitu
exercituique                  exercitu
exercitum                     exercit
exercitumque                  exercit
exercituque                   exercit
exercitus                     exercit
exercitusque                  exercit
exercituum                    exercitu
exercuit                      exercuit
exeundum                      exeund
exeunt                        exeu
exeuntem                      exeunt
exeuntium                     exeunti
exhauriendas                  exhauriend
exhausta                      exhaust
exhaustis                     exhaust
exhausto                      exhaust
exhaustum                     exhaust
exhaustus                     exhaust
exhibere                      exhiber
exhibet                       exhibet
exierant                      exiera
exierat                       exierat
exierunt                      exieru
exigebantur                   exigebantur
exigebat                      exigebat
exigere                       exiger
exigi                         exig
exigite                       exigit
exigua                        exigu
exiguae                       exigu
exiguam                       exigu
exiguas                       exigu
exiguis                       exigu
exiguntur                     exiguntur
exiguo                        exigu
exiguum                       exigu
exiguus                       exigu
exilem                        exil
exilio                        exili
exilium                       exili
eximeret                      eximeret
eximia                        exim
eximiae                       eximi
eximiam                       eximi
eximio                        eximi
eximium                       eximi
exin                          exin
exinanitae                    exinanit
exinanitis                    exinanit
exinde                        exind
exire                         exir
exirent                       exire
exiret                        exiret
exiri                         exir
exis                          ex
exisse                        exiss
exissent                      exisse
existant                      exista
existat                       existat
existere                      exister
existimabant                  existimaba
existimabat                   existimabat
existimabatur                 existimabatur
existimabor                   existimabor
existimanda                   existimand
existimandum                  existimand
existimans                    existimans
existimant                    existima
existimare                    existimar
existimarem                   existimar
existimarent                  existimare
existimaret                   existimaret
existimaretur                 existimaretur
existimareut                  existimareut
existimari                    existimar
existimas                     existim
existimasse                   existimass
existimat                     existimat
existimatio                   existimati
existimatione                 existimation
existimationem                existimation
existimationis                existimation
existimaturi                  existimatur
existimaverunt                existimaueru
existimavit                   existimauit
existimem                     existim
existiment                    existime
existimes                     existim
existimo                      existim
existit                       existit
existumas                     existum
existumato                    existumat
existument                    existume
existunt                      existu
exitio                        exiti
exitium                       exiti
exitu                         exit
exitum                        exit
exitus                        exit
exoleto                       exolet
exoleuisset                   exoleuisset
exonera                       exoner
exonerare                     exonerar
exordium                      exordi
exoriens                      exoriens
exorientem                    exorient
exoriri                       exorir
exoritur                      exoritur
exornatas                     exornat
exorsis                       exors
exorsus                       exors
exorta                        exort
exorti                        exort
exortum                       exort
exortus                       exort
expectatione                  expectation
expectetis                    expectet
expecto                       expect
expediant                     expedia
expediebant                   expedieba
expediendam                   expediend
expedire                      expedir
expedirentur                  expedirentur
expediret                     expediret
expediri                      expedir
expedisset                    expedisset
expedita                      expedit
expeditae                     expedit
expeditam                     expedit
expeditas                     expedit
expediti                      expedit
expeditiones                  expedition
expeditionibus                expedition
expeditionis                  expedition
expeditiores                  expeditior
expeditius                    expedit
expedito                      expedit
expeditos                     expedit
expeditosque                  expedit
expeditum                     expedit
expediunt                     expediu
expellere                     expeller
expellerent                   expellere
expellerentur                 expellerentur
expelli                       expell
expellit                      expellit
expergiscere                  expergiscer
experiamini                   experiamin
experienda                    experiend
experiendam                   experiend
experiendi                    experiend
experiendum                   experiend
experiens                     experiens
experientes                   experient
experientur                   experientur
experirentur                  experirentur
experirer                     experirer
experiri                      experir
experiundae                   experiund
experiundam                   experiund
experiundo                    experiund
experrectus                   experrect
expers                        expers
expersque                     expers
experta                       expert
expertae                      expert
expertam                      expert
expertem                      expert
expertes                      expert
experti                       expert
expertis                      expert
expertium                     experti
expertos                      expert
expertum                      expert
experturum                    expertur
expertus                      expert
expetant                      expeta
expetantur                    expetantur
expetenda                     expetend
expetens                      expetens
expeti                        expet
expetita                      expetit
expetite                      expetit
expetituram                   expetitur
expetiturum                   expetitur
expiandae                     expiand
expiarentur                   expiarentur
expiarenturque                expiarentur
expiaret                      expiaret
expiari                       expiar
expiata                       expiat
expiationem                   expiation
expiatioque                   expiati
expiatum                      expiat
expilavisset                  expilauisset
explanari                     explanar
expleant                      explea
expleat                       expleat
expleatis                     expleat
explendum                     explend
explere                       expler
explerent                     explere
expleri                       expler
explet                        explet
expletas                      explet
expletumque                   explet
expletur                      expletur
expletus                      explet
expleuit                      expleuit
expleverat                    expleuerat
explevit                      expleuit
explicabat                    explicabat
explicandam                   explicand
explicandas                   explicand
explicandi                    explicand
explicandum                   explicand
explicantur                   explicantur
explicare                     explicar
explicaretur                  explicaretur
explicari                     explicar
explicat                      explicat
explicatae                    explicat
explicati                     explicat
explicatio                    explicati
explicatis                    explicat
explicato                     explicat
explicaturos                  explicatur
explicatus                    explicat
explicemus                    explicem
explicetur                    explicetur
explicitis                    explicit
explicitius                   explicit
exploranda                    explorand
explorandum                   explorand
explorata                     explorat
explorate                     explorat
exploratis                    explorat
explorato                     explorat
exploratores                  explorator
exploratoribus                explorator
exploratum                    explorat
exponere                      exponer
exponit                       exponit
exponunt                      exponu
exposcendae                   exposcend
exposcentes                   exposcent
exposcentium                  exposcenti
exposcere                     exposcer
exposcunt                     exposcu
exposita                      exposit
expositum                     exposit
exposui                       exposu
exposuissent                  exposuisse
exposuisset                   exposuisset
exposuit                      exposuit
expressa                      express
expressaque                   express
expressi                      express
expressit                     expressit
exprimatur                    exprimatur
exprimerent                   exprimere
exprobrabant                  exprobraba
exprobranda                   exprobrand
exprobrandoque                exprobrand
exprobrantes                  exprobrant
exprobrantibus                exprobrant
expromeret                    expromeret
expugnabit                    expugnabit
expugnandam                   expugnand
expugnandi                    expugnand
expugnandum                   expugnand
expugnant                     expugna
expugnare                     expugnar
expugnari                     expugnar
expugnasse                    expugnass
expugnassent                  expugnasse
expugnat                      expugnat
expugnata                     expugnat
expugnati                     expugnat
expugnatis                    expugnat
expugnato                     expugnat
expugnatum                    expugnat
expugnaturum                  expugnatur
expugnavit                    expugnauit
expulerat                     expulerat
expulerunt                    expuleru
expulisse                     expuliss
expulissent                   expulisse
expulisset                    expulisset
expulit                       expulit
expulso                       expuls
expulsoque                    expuls
expulsos                      expuls
expulsum                      expuls
exque                         ex
exquiliis                     exquili
exquirendas                   exquirend
exquirendo                    exquirend
exquirerent                   exquirere
exsangue                      exsangu
exsanguem                     exsangu
exsangui                      exsangu
exsanguis                     exsangu
exscripta                     exscript
exsecrabor                    exsecrabor
exsecrantes                   exsecrant
exsecrantibus                 exsecrant
exsecrari                     exsecrar
exsecratus                    exsecrat
exsectum                      exsect
exsecuturum                   exsecutur
exsequebatur                  exsequebatur
exsequemur                    exsequemur
exsequendi                    exsequend
exsequendo                    exsequend
exsequendum                   exsequend
exsequentemque                exsequent
exsequentes                   exsequent
exsequerentur                 exsequerentur
exsequi                       exsequ
exsequias                     exsequi
exsequitur                    exsequitur
exsignataque                  exsignat
exsilii                       exsil
exsilio                       exsili
exsilium                      exsili
exsiliumque                   exsili
exsistat                      exsistat
exsistere                     exsister
exsisteret                    exsisteret
exsistit                      exsistit
exsistunt                     exsistu
exsoluendi                    exsoluend
exsoluere                     exsoluer
exsoluerent                   exsoluere
exsoluerentur                 exsoluerentur
exsolui                       exsolu
exsolutoque                   exsolut
exspectabant                  exspectaba
exspectabat                   exspectabat
exspectabatque                exspectabat
exspectabitis                 exspectabit
exspectandae                  exspectand
exspectandas                  exspectand
exspectando                   exspectand
exspectandoque                exspectand
exspectandum                  exspectand
exspectans                    exspectans
exspectant                    exspecta
exspectantes                  exspectant
exspectare                    exspectar
exspectarent                  exspectare
exspectaret                   exspectaret
exspectari                    exspectar
exspectasse                   exspectass
exspectassent                 exspectasse
exspectatamque                exspectat
exspectate                    exspectat
exspectatio                   exspectati
exspectatione                 exspectation
exspectato                    exspectat
exspectatur                   exspectatur
exspectavissent               exspectauisse
exspectent                    exspecte
exspectetur                   exspectetur
exspirantes                   exspirant
exspirasset                   exspirasset
exspirationibus               exspiration
exspirauerit                  exspirauerit
exstant                       exsta
exstarent                     exstare
exstat                        exstat
exstinctae                    exstinct
exstinctam                    exstinct
exstinctis                    exstinct
exstingues                    exstingu
exstinguetis                  exstinguet
exstiterat                    exstiterat
exstitere                     exstiter
exstiterint                   exstiteri
exstitisse                    exstitiss
exstitisset                   exstitisset
exstitit                      exstitit
exstructae                    exstruct
exstruebant                   exstrueba
exstruerentur                 exstruerentur
exstruit                      exstruit
exstruxerunt                  exstruxeru
exstruxit                     exstruxit
exsudandum                    exsudand
exsudetur                     exsudetur
exsul                         exsul
exsulabat                     exsulabat
exsulare                      exsular
exsulatum                     exsulat
exsule                        exsul
exsulem                       exsul
exsules                       exsul
exsulesque                    exsul
exsuli                        exsul
exsulibus                     exsul
exsultans                     exsultans
exsultantes                   exsultant
exsultantibus                 exsultant
exsultare                     exsultar
exsulum                       exsul
exsuperant                    exsupera
exsuperat                     exsuperat
exsuperaturam                 exsuperatur
exsurgere                     exsurger
exta                          ext
extabuisse                    extabuiss
extemplo                      extempl
extenderet                    extenderet
extent                        exte
extenuando                    extenuand
extenuantes                   extenuant
extenuatis                    extenuat
extenuatus                    extenuat
exteras                       exter
exteriore                     exterior
exteriorem                    exterior
exterminatus                  exterminat
externa                       extern
externae                      extern
externam                      extern
externarum                    externar
externas                      extern
externi                       extern
externis                      extern
externisque                   extern
externiue                     externiu
externo                       extern
externorum                    externor
externos                      extern
externum                      extern
externus                      extern
exterreamur                   exterreamur
exterrerentur                 exterrerentur
exterrita                     exterrit
exterritae                    exterrit
exterriti                     exterrit
exterritis                    exterrit
exterritus                    exterrit
exterruit                     exterruit
extimescant                   extimesca
extimescat                    extimescat
extincto                      extinct
extinctus                     extinct
extingui                      extingu
extis                         ext
extitisse                     extitiss
extitisset                    extitisset
extitit                       extitit
extollere                     extoller
extollit                      extollit
extorquere                    extorquer
extorqueretur                 extorqueretur
extorqueri                    extorquer
extorrem                      extorr
extorres                      extorr
extorsisset                   extorsisset
extorta                       extort
extra                         extr
extracta                      extract
extracto                      extract
extractos                     extract
extractum                     extract
extrahenda                    extrahend
extrahente                    extrahent
extrahi                       extrah
extrahitur                    extrahitur
extraordinarii                extraordinar
extraordinarium               extraordinari
extraque                      extr
extraxit                      extraxit
extrema                       extrem
extremam                      extrem
extremas                      extrem
extremi                       extrem
extremis                      extrem
extremitate                   extremitat
extremo                       extrem
extremos                      extrem
extremum                      extrem
extremusque                   extrem
extrinsecus                   extrinsec
extructionesque               extruction
extulit                       extulit
exuero                        exuer
exuerunt                      exueru
exuisse                       exuiss
exuit                         exuit
exuitque                      exuit
exulare                       exular
exulesque                     exul
exuri                         exur
exuti                         exut
exutum                        exut
exutusque                     exut
exuunt                        exuu
f                             f
fabellae                      fabell
fabellas                      fabell
fabi                          fab
fabia                         fab
fabiae                        fabi
fabianae                      fabian
fabianis                      fabian
fabianus                      fabian
fabii                         fab
fabiis                        fabi
fabio                         fabi
fabiorum                      fabior
fabios                        fabi
fabium                        fabi
fabius                        fab
fabiusque                     fab
fabrica                       fabric
fabricae                      fabric
fabricam                      fabric
fabricarier                   fabricarier
fabricato                     fabricat
fabricium                     fabrici
fabris                        fabr
fabrorum                      fabror
fabrum                        fabr
fabula                        fabul
fabulae                       fabul
fabulam                       fabul
fabularum                     fabular
fabulas                       fabul
fabulis                       fabul
fac                           fac
facere                        facer
facerem                       facer
facerent                      facere
faceret                       faceret
faces                         fac
facesse                       facess
facessere                     facesser
facesserent                   facessere
faceto                        facet
faciam                        faci
faciant                       facia
faciat                        faciat
faciatis                      faciat
facibus                       fac
facibusque                    fac
facie                         faci
faciebant                     facieba
faciebat                      faciebat
faciebatis                    faciebat
faciem                        faci
facienda                      faciend
faciendas                     faciend
faciendi                      faciend
faciendis                     faciend
faciendos                     faciend
faciendum                     faciend
faciendumne                   faciendumn
facient                       facie
facies                        faci
faciet                        faciet
facile                        facil
facilem                       facil
faciles                       facil
facili                        facil
facilia                       facil
faciliora                     facilior
facilis                       facil
facilisque                    facil
facilitati                    facilitat
facilius                      facil
facillime                     facillim
facillimum                    facillim
facillume                     facillum
facimus                       facim
facinora                      facinor
facinore                      facinor
facinori                      facinor
facinorisque                  facinor
facinorosusque                facinoros
facinorum                     facinor
facinus                       facin
facio                         faci
facioque                      faci
facis                         fac
facisne                       facisn
facit                         facit
facitis                       facit
facito                        facit
faciundis                     faciund
faciundo                      faciund
faciunt                       faciu
facta                         fact
factae                        fact
factam                        fact
factaque                      fact
factas                        fact
facti                         fact
factio                        facti
factione                      faction
factionem                     faction
factiones                     faction
factioni                      faction
factionibus                   faction
factionis                     faction
factionum                     faction
factis                        fact
factisque                     fact
factitata                     factitat
facto                         fact
factoque                      fact
factorum                      factor
factos                        fact
factu                         fact
factum                        fact
facturas                      factur
facturi                       factur
facturos                      factur
facturum                      factur
facturus                      factur
factus                        fact
facultas                      facult
facultate                     facultat
facultatem                    facultat
facultates                    facultat
facultatibus                  facultat
facundiamque                  facundi
facundum                      facund
faelem                        fael
faelis                        fael
faelium                       faeli
fainwnque                     fainwn
faleriis                      faleri
falerios                      faleri
faleriosque                   faleri
falisci                       falisc
faliscique                    falisc
faliscis                      falisc
falisco                       falisc
faliscorum                    faliscor
faliscos                      falisc
faliscum                      falisc
faliscus                      falisc
fallacem                      fallac
fallaciae                     fallaci
fallacias                     fallaci
fallam                        fall
fallas                        fall
fallat                        fallat
fallax                        fallax
fallendum                     fallend
fallerent                     fallere
falleret                      falleret
fallet                        fallet
falli                         fall
falluntur                     falluntur
falsa                         fals
falsae                        fals
falsas                        fals
falsi                         fals
falsis                        fals
falso                         fals
falsos                        fals
falsum                        fals
falsus                        fals
fama                          fam
famae                         fam
famam                         fam
famamque                      fam
famaque                       fam
fame                          fam
famem                         fam
fames                         fam
familia                       famil
familiae                      famili
familiaeque                   famili
familiam                      famili
familiare                     familiar
familiarem                    familiar
familiares                    familiar
familiari                     familiar
familiaribus                  familiar
familiaris                    familiar
familiaritatem                familiaritat
familiaritates                familiaritat
familiarium                   familiari
familiarum                    familiar
familias                      famili
familiis                      famili
fana                          fan
fanaque                       fan
fanatico                      fanatic
fando                         fand
fani                          fan
fanis                         fan
fano                          fan
fanum                         fan
fanumst                       fanumst
farris                        farr
fas                           fas
fasces                        fasc
fascibus                      fasc
fasque                        fas
fastidierint                  fastidieri
fastidire                     fastidir
fastiditur                    fastiditur
fastidium                     fastidi
fastigato                     fastigat
fastigii                      fastig
fastigio                      fastigi
fastos                        fast
fastosque                     fast
fata                          fat
fatale                        fatal
fatalem                       fatal
fatali                        fatal
fatalibus                     fatal
fatalis                       fatal
fateamur                      fateamur
fateantur                     fateantur
fateare                       fatear
fatebor                       fatebor
fatemur                       fatemur
fatendo                       fatend
fatendum                      fatend
fatentes                      fatent
fatentibus                    fatent
fateor                        fateor
fateri                        fater
fati                          fat
fatidicam                     fatidic
fatigata                      fatigat
fatigati                      fatigat
fatigatis                     fatigat
fatiloquam                    fatiloqu
fatis                         fat
fato                          fat
fatum                         fat
fauces                        fauc
faucibus                      fauc
faucibusque                   fauc
fauente                       fauent
fauentium                     fauenti
fauere                        fauer
fauerit                       fauerit
fauni                         faun
faunorum                      faunor
faunus                        faun
fauor                         fauor
fauore                        fauor
fausto                        faust
faustulo                      faustul
faustum                       faust
faustus                       faust
fautor                        fautor
fautorem                      fautor
fautoribus                    fautor
favebant                      faueba
favere                        fauer
faverit                       fauerit
favisse                       fauiss
favonio                       fauoni
favonium                      fauoni
favor                         fauor
favore                        fauor
favorem                       fauor
febres                        febr
febris                        febr
fecerant                      fecera
fecerat                       fecerat
fecere                        fecer
fecerint                      feceri
fecerit                       fecerit
feceritis                     fecerit
fecerunt                      feceru
feceruntque                   feceru
feci                          fec
fecimus                       fecim
fecisse                       feciss
fecissent                     fecisse
fecisset                      fecisset
fecissetis                    fecisset
fecistis                      fecist
fecit                         fecit
fecundius                     fecund
fefellerat                    fefellerat
fefellere                     fefeller
fefellerunt                   fefelleru
fefellisse                    fefelliss
fefellit                      fefellit
felices                       felic
felici                        felic
felicior                      felicior
felicioris                    felicior
felicissime                   felicissim
felicissimeque                felicissim
felicitas                     felicit
felicitate                    felicitat
feliciter                     feliciter
felicius                      felic
felix                         felix
felixque                      felix
femina                        femin
feminae                       femin
feminas                       femin
feminibus                     femin
feminis                       femin
femur                         femur
feneratores                   fenerator
fenestras                     fenestr
fenestrasque                  fenestr
fenore                        fenor
feram                         fer
ferant                        fera
ferantur                      ferantur
ferarum                       ferar
ferarumne                     ferarumn
ferarumque                    ferar
feras                         fer
ferat                         ferat
feratur                       feratur
ferculo                       fercul
fere                          fer
ferebant                      fereba
ferebantur                    ferebantur
ferebat                       ferebat
ferebatur                     ferebatur
ferenda                       ferend
ferendae                      ferend
ferendam                      ferend
ferendarum                    ferendar
ferendas                      ferend
ferendi                       ferend
ferendo                       ferend
ferendum                      ferend
ferens                        ferens
ferent                        fere
ferente                       ferent
ferentes                      ferent
ferenti                       ferent
ferentibus                    ferent
ferentinae                    ferentin
ferentinum                    ferentin
feretri                       feretr
feretrii                      feretr
feretur                       feretur
feriae                        feri
feriam                        feri
feriatum                      feriat
feriendum                     feriend
feriis                        feri
ferimus                       ferim
ferire                        ferir
feririque                     ferir
ferito                        ferit
feriunt                       feriu
ferme                         ferm
fero                          fer
ferocem                       feroc
feroces                       feroc
feroci                        feroc
ferocibus                     feroc
ferocior                      ferocior
ferociores                    ferocior
ferocioresque                 ferocior
ferocissimi                   ferocissim
ferocissimo                   ferocissim
ferocissimorum                ferocissimor
ferocissimum                  ferocissim
ferocissimus                  ferocissim
ferociter                     ferociter
ferocius                      feroc
feroniae                      feroni
ferox                         ferox
ferramenta                    ferrament
ferramentis                   ferrament
ferratam                      ferrat
ferre                         ferr
ferrea                        ferre
ferreas                       ferre
ferreis                       ferre
ferrem                        ferr
ferrent                       ferre
ferrentur                     ferrentur
ferret                        ferret
ferretne                      ferretn
ferretur                      ferretur
ferri                         ferr
ferrique                      ferr
ferro                         ferr
ferroque                      ferr
ferrum                        ferr
ferrumque                     ferr
fert                          fert
ferte                         fert
fertilem                      fertil
fertiles                      fertil
fertilibus                    fertil
fertilis                      fertil
fertis                        fert
fertur                        fertur
feruidi                       feruid
ferundae                      ferund
ferundam                      ferund
ferunt                        feru
feruntur                      feruntur
feruorem                      feruor
fervida                       feruid
fervidus                      feruid
fervor                        feruor
fervore                       feruor
fessa                         fess
fessi                         fess
fessis                        fess
fesso                         fess
fessos                        fess
fessum                        fess
fessus                        fess
festinat                      festinat
festinatio                    festinati
festis                        fest
festo                         fest
festus                        fest
feta                          fet
fetiales                      fetial
fetialesque                   fetial
fetialis                      fetial
fetum                         fet
fetus                         fet
fiant                         fia
fiat                          fiat
ficanaque                     fican
ficolensi                     ficolens
ficta                         fict
fictae                        fict
fictam                        fict
fictas                        fict
fictilibus                    fictil
fictis                        fict
fictor                        fictor
fictoresque                   fictor
fictos                        fict
fictricem                     fictric
ficulea                       ficule
ficus                         fic
fida                          fid
fidam                         fid
fide                          fid
fidei                         fide
fideli                        fidel
fidelibus                     fidel
fidem                         fid
fidemque                      fid
fidenae                       fiden
fidenarum                     fidenar
fidenas                       fiden
fidenasque                    fiden
fidenatem                     fidenat
fidenates                     fidenat
fidenati                      fidenat
fidenatibus                   fidenat
fidenatibusque                fidenat
fidenatique                   fidenat
fidenatis                     fidenat
fidenatium                    fidenati
fidenatiumque                 fidenati
fidenis                       fiden
fidens                        fidens
fidenter                      fidenter
fidentes                      fident
fideque                       fid
fidere                        fider
fides                         fid
fidesque                      fid
fidibus                       fid
fidicinem                     fidicin
fidiculas                     fidicul
fiducia                       fiduc
fiduciae                      fiduci
fiduciam                      fiduci
fiduciariam                   fiduciari
fidum                         fid
fidunt                        fidu
fiebant                       fieba
fiebat                        fiebat
fient                         fie
fierent                       fiere
fieret                        fieret
fieri                         fier
fierine                       fierin
figitivis                     figitiu
figulo                        figul
figura                        figur
figurae                       figur
figuram                       figur
figuraque                     figur
figurare                      figurar
figurarum                     figurar
figuras                       figur
figurata                      figurat
figuris                       figur
filia                         fil
filiabus                      filiab
filiae                        fili
filiaeque                     fili
filiam                        fili
filiamque                     fili
filias                        fili
filii                         fil
filiis                        fili
filio                         fili
filios                        fili
filium                        fili
filiumque                     fili
filius                        fil
filiusque                     fil
filo                          fil
fine                          fin
finem                         fin
finemque                      fin
fines                         fin
finesque                      fin
fingat                        fingat
fingebantur                   fingebantur
fingebat                      fingebat
fingendum                     fingend
fingentibus                   fingent
fingere                       finger
fingeret                      fingeret
fingeretur                    fingeretur
fingi                         fing
fingit                        fingit
fingitur                      fingitur
finibus                       fin
finibusque                    fin
finiebatur                    finiebatur
finiendae                     finiend
finiendi                      finiend
finiendos                     finiend
finierunt                     finieru
finire                        finir
finiret                       finiret
finiretur                     finiretur
finis                         fin
finisque                      fin
finita                        finit
finitima                      finitim
finitimae                     finitim
finitimarum                   finitimar
finitimarumque                finitimar
finitimas                     finitim
finitimi                      finitim
finitimis                     finitim
finitimisque                  finitim
finitimo                      finitim
finitimorum                   finitimor
finitimos                     finitim
finitos                       finit
finitus                       finit
finiuit                       finiuit
finium                        fini
finxerunt                     finxeru
firma                         firm
firmam                        firm
firmamento                    firmament
firmandae                     firmand
firmandi                      firmand
firmantur                     firmantur
firmaque                      firm
firmarunt                     firmaru
firmas                        firm
firmasse                      firmass
firmassent                    firmasse
firmat                        firmat
firmata                       firmat
firmatis                      firmat
firmato                       firmat
firmauerant                   firmauera
firmavit                      firmauit
firmior                       firmior
firmiore                      firmior
firmiores                     firmior
firmissima                    firmissim
firmissimas                   firmissim
firmitas                      firmit
firmitatem                    firmitat
firmitudine                   firmitudin
firmo                         firm
firmum                        firm
fissione                      fission
fissum                        fiss
fit                           fit
fiunt                         fiu
fiuntque                      fiu
fixa                          fix
fixis                         fix
fixit                         fixit
flaccos                       flacc
flaccus                       flacc
flagitabatur                  flagitabatur
flagitarentur                 flagitarentur
flagitaret                    flagitaret
flagitator                    flagitator
flagitia                      flagit
flagitium                     flagiti
flagrabat                     flagrabat
flagrant                      flagra
flagrantes                    flagrant
flamen                        flamen
flamina                       flamin
flaminem                      flamin
flamines                      flamin
flaminesque                   flamin
flamini                       flamin
flaminia                      flamin
flaminibus                    flamin
flaminiis                     flamini
flaminis                      flamin
flaminium                     flamini
flamma                        flamm
flammae                       flamm
flammam                       flamm
flammaque                     flamm
flammeae                      flamme
flammis                       flamm
flant                         fla
flare                         flar
flatu                         flat
flauoleius                    flauole
flauus                        flau
flaverant                     flauera
flaverat                      flauerat
fldes                         fld
flebiliter                    flebiliter
flectebant                    flecteba
flectendos                    flectend
flectenti                     flectent
flecti                        flect
fleginatem                    fleginat
flens                         flens
flentes                       flent
fletu                         flet
fletuque                      flet
fletus                        flet
fletusque                     flet
flexere                       flexer
flexerunt                     flexeru
flexibile                     flexibil
flexibilem                    flexibil
flexibus                      flex
flexisse                      flexiss
flexit                        flexit
flexum                        flex
flexuosum                     flexuos
flexuros                      flexur
flore                         flor
floreant                      florea
florentem                     florent
florentes                     florent
florere                       florer
floribus                      flor
floruit                       floruit
florum                        flor
fluctibus                     fluct
fluctuansque                  fluctuans
fluctuantem                   fluctuant
fluebat                       fluebat
fluentem                      fluent
fluentium                     fluenti
fluere                        fluer
fluerent                      fluere
fluitantem                    fluitant
fluitantia                    fluitant
fluitantium                   fluitanti
flumen                        flumen
flumina                       flumin
flumine                       flumin
flumini                       flumin
fluminibus                    flumin
fluminis                      flumin
fluminisque                   flumin
fluminum                      flumin
fluuium                       fluui
fluuius                       fluu
fluunt                        fluu
fluviatilesque                fluuiatil
fluvium                       fluui
fluxerunt                     fluxeru
fluxisse                      fluxiss
fluxit                        fluxit
focis                         foc
focisque                      foc
focos                         foc
foculo                        focul
fodere                        foder
fodiens                       fodiens
foeda                         foed
foedam                        foed
foedamque                     foed
foedati                       foedat
foedatus                      foedat
foedauere                     foedauer
foede                         foed
foedera                       foeder
foedere                       foeder
foederibus                    foeder
foederis                      foeder
foederum                      foeder
foedior                       foedior
foediora                      foedior
foedis                        foed
foedissimae                   foedissim
foeditate                     foeditat
foeditatem                    foeditat
foedius                       foed
foediusque                    foed
foedo                         foed
foedum                        foed
foedus                        foed
foliis                        foli
folio                         foli
folius                        fol
follibus                      foll
fons                          fons
fonte                         font
fontes                        font
fontibus                      font
fontis                        font
fontum                        font
foramina                      foramin
foras                         for
fore                          for
forensibus                    forens
forent                        fore
fores                         for
foresque                      for
foret                         foret
fori                          for
foribus                       for
forique                       for
foris                         for
forisque                      for
forma                         form
formae                        form
formam                        form
formamque                     form
formaque                      form
formare                       formar
formarent                     formare
formarum                      formar
formas                        form
formatis                      format
formiano                      formian
formica                       formic
formicam                      formic
formis                        form
formonsus                     formons
formosior                     formosior
formulae                      formul
formulam                      formul
foro                          for
foros                         for
fors                          fors
forsan                        forsan
forsitan                      forsitan
fortasse                      fortass
forte                         fort
fortem                        fort
fortes                        fort
forti                         fort
fortia                        fort
fortibus                      fort
fortior                       fortior
fortis                        fort
fortissimaque                 fortissim
fortissime                    fortissim
fortissimi                    fortissim
fortissimique                 fortissim
fortissimis                   fortissim
fortissimo                    fortissim
fortissimorum                 fortissimor
fortissimos                   fortissim
fortissimus                   fortissim
fortiter                      fortiter
fortium                       forti
fortius                       fort
fortuita                      fortuit
fortuitane                    fortuitan
fortuiti                      fortuit
fortuito                      fortuit
fortuitum                     fortuit
fortuna                       fortun
fortunae                      fortun
fortunaeque                   fortun
fortunam                      fortun
fortunamque                   fortun
fortunaque                    fortun
fortunarum                    fortunar
fortunas                      fortun
fortunasque                   fortun
fortunis                      fortun
fortunisque                   fortun
forum                         for
fossa                         foss
fossae                        foss
fossaeque                     foss
fossam                        foss
fossamque                     foss
fossaque                      foss
fossas                        foss
fossasque                     foss
fossione                      fossion
fossis                        foss
fotique                       fot
fouerunt                      foueru
fouit                         fouit
foveant                       fouea
fractas                       fract
fracti                        fract
fractis                       fract
fractos                       fract
fragmentum                    fragment
fragor                        fragor
fragore                       fragor
frangi                        frang
frangit                       frangit
franguntur                    franguntur
frater                        frater
fratre                        fratr
fratrem                       fratr
fratremque                    fratr
fratres                       fratr
fratri                        fratr
fratribus                     fratr
fratris                       fratr
fratrisque                    fratr
fratrum                       fratr
fraudabant                    fraudaba
fraudandoque                  fraudand
fraudans                      fraudans
fraudari                      fraudar
fraudata                      fraudat
fraudatoremque                fraudator
fraudauere                    fraudauer
fraude                        fraud
fraudem                       fraud
fraudi                        fraud
fraudis                       fraud
fraudisque                    fraud
fraus                         fra
fregere                       freger
fregisset                     fregisset
fremebant                     fremeba
frementibus                   frement
fremere                       fremer
fremerent                     fremere
fremibunda                    fremibund
fremitibus                    fremit
fremitu                       fremit
fremitus                      fremit
fremunt                       fremu
frenis                        fren
frenos                        fren
frentranorum                  frentranor
frequens                      frequens
frequentari                   frequentar
frequentem                    frequent
frequentemque                 frequent
frequenter                    frequenter
frequentes                    frequent
frequenti                     frequent
frequentia                    frequent
frequentiae                   frequenti
frequentiam                   frequenti
frequentiaque                 frequent
frequentibus                  frequent
frequentior                   frequentior
frequentiorque                frequentior
frequentique                  frequent
frequentius                   frequent
freti                         fret
freto                         fret
fretorumque                   fretor
fretum                        fret
fretus                        fret
fretusque                     fret
frigida                       frigid
frigidum                      frigid
frigidus                      frigid
frigora                       frigor
frigore                       frigor
frigori                       frigor
frigoribus                    frigor
frigoris                      frigor
frigorum                      frigor
frigus                        frig
frons                         frons
fronte                        front
frontem                       front
frontes                       front
frontones                     fronton
fruantur                      fruantur
fruatur                       fruatur
fructu                        fruct
fructui                       fructu
fructum                       fruct
fructus                       fruct
fructuum                      fructu
fruerentur                    fruerentur
frugem                        frug
fruges                        frug
frugibus                      frug
frugifera                     frugifer
frugiferum                    frugifer
frugum                        frug
frui                          fru
fruimur                       fruimur
fruitur                       fruitur
frumenta                      frument
frumentandi                   frumentand
frumentaria                   frumentar
frumentariae                  frumentari
frumentariam                  frumentari
frumentariasque               frumentari
frumentarios                  frumentari
frumentarise                  frumentaris
frumentarium                  frumentari
frumentatoribus               frumentator
frumenti                      frument
frumentis                     frument
frumento                      frument
frumentoque                   frument
frumentorum                   frumentor
frumentum                     frument
frumentumque                  frument
frustra                       frustr
frustrabor                    frustrabor
frustrantur                   frustrantur
frustrarentur                 frustrarentur
frustraris                    frustrar
frustrata                     frustrat
frustrationem                 frustration
fucinum                       fucin
fuderant                      fudera
fudere                        fuder
fuderit                       fuderit
fudisset                      fudisset
fudit                         fudit
fuerant                       fuera
fuerat                        fuerat
fuere                         fuer
fuerim                        fuerim
fuerint                       fueri
fuerit                        fuerit
fuerunt                       fueru
fufeti                        fufet
fufetium                      fufeti
fufio                         fufi
fufium                        fufi
fufius                        fuf
fuga                          fug
fugacissimo                   fugacissim
fugae                         fug
fugaeque                      fug
fugam                         fug
fugamque                      fug
fugantque                     fuga
fugaque                       fug
fugare                        fugar
fugat                         fugat
fugata                        fugat
fugati                        fugat
fugatique                     fugat
fugatis                       fugat
fugatos                       fugat
fugatosque                    fugat
fugatque                      fugat
fugerant                      fugera
fugerat                       fugerat
fugere                        fuger
fugerent                      fugere
fugeret                       fugeret
fugerunt                      fugeru
fugiebant                     fugieba
fugiebat                      fugiebat
fugiens                       fugiens
fugiensque                    fugiens
fugientem                     fugient
fugientes                     fugient
fugientibus                   fugient
fugientium                    fugienti
fugit                         fugit
fugitis                       fugit
fugitivis                     fugitiu
fuimus                        fuim
fuisse                        fuiss
fuissent                      fuisse
fuisset                       fuisset
fuisti                        fuist
fuistis                       fuist
fuit                          fuit
fulcinium                     fulcini
fulgens                       fulgens
fulgente                      fulgent
fulgentis                     fulgent
fulginius                     fulgin
fulgore                       fulgor
fulmen                        fulmen
fulmine                       fulmin
fulminibus                    fulmin
fulsere                       fulser
fulta                         fult
fultae                        fult
fulti                         fult
fulvium                       fului
fumare                        fumar
fumentariae                   fumentari
fumo                          fum
fumone                        fumon
functi                        funct
functos                       funct
functum                       funct
functus                       funct
fundamenta                    fundament
fundamentis                   fundament
fundamentum                   fundament
fundas                        fund
fundat                        fundat
fundata                       fundat
fundatoque                    fundat
funderent                     fundere
funderet                      funderet
fundis                        fund
fundit                        fundit
funditores                    funditor
funditoresque                 funditor
funditoribusque               funditor
funditorum                    funditor
funditur                      funditur
funditus                      fundit
fundo                         fund
fundunt                       fundu
funduntur                     funduntur
funebria                      funebr
funera                        funer
funere                        funer
funeri                        funer
funeribus                     funer
funeris                       funer
funesta                       funest
funestam                      funest
funestaque                    funest
funestas                      funest
funesti                       funest
funestum                      funest
fungantur                     fungantur
fungendae                     fungend
funibus                       fun
funus                         fun
furantur                      furantur
furca                         furc
furcis                        furc
furcisque                     furc
furebat                       furebat
furente                       furent
furentis                      furent
furere                        furer
fures                         fur
furiae                        furi
furias                        furi
furiis                        furi
furinae                       furin
furio                         furi
furios                        furi
furium                        furi
furius                        fur
furor                         furor
furore                        furor
furores                       furor
furoris                       furor
furtoque                      furt
furtum                        furt
fusa                          fus
fusaque                       fus
fusas                         fus
fuscina                       fuscin
fuscinam                      fuscin
fuscum                        fusc
fusi                          fus
fusio                         fusi
fusionem                      fusion
fusios                        fusi
fusique                       fus
fusis                         fus
fusisque                      fus
fusium                        fusi
fusius                        fus
fuso                          fus
fusoque                       fus
fusos                         fus
fustuarium                    fustuari
fusum                         fus
fusus                         fus
futtilis                      futtil
futura                        futur
futurae                       futur
futuram                       futur
futuraque                     futur
futurarum                     futurar
futuri                        futur
futuro                        futur
futuros                       futur
futurum                       futur
futurumque                    futur
futurus                       futur
fwsforov                      fwsforo
gabiis                        gabi
gabina                        gabin
gabinianis                    gabinian
gabinis                       gabin
gabinius                      gabin
gabino                        gabin
gabinorum                     gabinor
gabinumque                    gabin
gabios                        gabi
gabiosque                     gabi
gades                         gad
gadibus                       gad
gaditani                      gaditan
gaditanis                     gaditan
gaditanos                     gaditan
gaiumque                      gai
gaius                         ga
galea                         gale
galeae                        gale
galeatae                      galeat
galeis                        gale
galli                         gall
gallia                        gall
galliae                       galli
galliam                       galli
galliaque                     gall
gallica                       gallic
gallicarum                    gallicar
gallici                       gallic
gallicis                      gallic
gallico                       gallic
gallicorum                    gallicor
gallicum                      gallic
gallinae                      gallin
gallinis                      gallin
gallis                        gall
gallisque                     gall
gallo                         gall
gallograecia                  gallograec
gallonii                      gallon
gallonio                      galloni
gallonium                     galloni
gallorum                      gallor
gallos                        gall
gallum                        gall
ganymedem                     ganymed
gaudeant                      gaudea
gaudebat                      gaudebat
gaudent                       gaude
gaudentis                     gaudent
gaudere                       gauder
gauderentque                  gaudere
gauderet                      gauderet
gaudet                        gaudet
gaudio                        gaudi
gaudium                       gaudi
geganio                       gegani
geganios                      gegani
geganium                      gegani
geganius                      gegan
gelida                        gelid
gelidas                       gelid
gelidum                       gelid
gelo                          gel
gemellam                      gemell
gemina                        gemin
geminata                      geminat
geminatae                     geminat
geminatis                     geminat
geminato                      geminat
gemini                        gemin
geminis                       gemin
geminorum                     geminor
geminos                       gemin
geminum                       gemin
gemmatosque                   gemmat
genae                         gen
genealogis                    genealog
gener                         gener
genera                        gener
generare                      generar
generari                      generar
generat                       generat
generata                      generat
generatam                     generat
generatas                     generat
generatim                     generatim
genere                        gener
generentur                    generentur
generi                        gener
generibus                     gener
generique                     gener
generis                       gener
genero                        gener
generosique                   generos
generum                       gener
generumque                    gener
genibus                       gen
geniti                        genit
genitus                       genit
gens                          gens
gensque                       gens
gente                         gent
gentem                        gent
gentes                        gent
genti                         gent
gentibus                      gent
gentilibus                    gentil
gentilicia                    gentilic
gentis                        gent
gentium                       genti
genucio                       genuci
genucium                      genuci
genucius                      genuc
genuciusque                   genuc
genuerunt                     genueru
genuisse                      genuiss
genuit                        genuit
genum                         gen
genus                         gen
genusum                       genus
geometria                     geometr
geram                         ger
gerant                        gera
gerantur                      gerantur
gerat                         gerat
gerebant                      gereba
gerendae                      gerend
gerendam                      gerend
gerendi                       gerend
gerendis                      gerend
gerendo                       gerend
gerendoque                    gerend
gerendus                      gerend
gerens                        gerens
gerentes                      gerent
gerere                        gerer
gererent                      gerere
gererentur                    gererentur
gereret                       gereret
gereretur                     gereretur
geres                         ger
gergoviam                     gergoui
geri                          ger
geritis                       gerit
geritur                       geritur
germani                       german
germaniamque                  germani
germanos                      german
germanosque                   german
gerundum                      gerund
gerunt                        geru
geruntur                      geruntur
geryone                       geryon
gesserant                     gessera
gesserat                      gesserat
gesserint                     gesseri
gesserunt                     gesseru
gessi                         gess
gessisse                      gessiss
gessissent                    gessisse
gessisset                     gessisset
gessisti                      gessist
gessit                        gessit
gesta                         gest
gestae                        gest
gestam                        gest
gestarum                      gestar
gestas                        gest
gesti                         gest
gestientes                    gestient
gestiret                      gestiret
gestis                        gest
gesto                         gest
gestorum                      gestor
gestu                         gest
gestum                        gest
gesturos                      gestur
gesturum                      gestur
gh                            gh
gigantibus                    gigant
gignantur                     gignantur
gignat                        gignat
gignatur                      gignatur
gignebant                     gigneba
gignenda                      gignend
gignendi                      gignend
gignendum                     gignend
gignere                       gigner
gigneret                      gigneret
gigni                         gign
gignit                        gignit
gignunt                       gignu
gignuntur                     gignuntur
gladiatoresque                gladiator
gladiatoriac                  gladiatoriac
gladii                        glad
gladiis                       gladi
gladio                        gladi
gladiorum                     gladior
gladios                       gladi
gladiosque                    gladi
gladium                       gladi
gladius                       glad
glaebam                       glaeb
glauce                        glauc
gleba                         gleb
glebarum                      glebar
gliscens                      gliscens
gliscentem                    gliscent
globo                         glob
globosa                       globos
globosos                      globos
globosus                      globos
globus                        glob
glomeratam                    glomerat
gloria                        glor
gloriae                       glori
gloriaeque                    glori
gloriam                       glori
gloriamur                     gloriamur
glorians                      glorians
gloriantem                    gloriant
glorianti                     gloriant
gloriaretur                   gloriaretur
gloriari                      gloriar
gloriatur                     gloriatur
gloriosa                      glorios
gomphensis                    gomphens
gomphensium                   gomphensi
gomphos                       gomph
gracchi                       gracch
graccho                       gracch
gracchorum                    gracchor
gracchum                      gracch
gracchus                      gracch
gradatim                      gradatim
gradibus                      grad
gradiendo                     gradiend
gradiue                       gradiu
gradiuo                       gradiu
gradiuumque                   gradiu
gradu                         grad
gradum                        grad
graduque                      grad
gradus                        grad
graece                        graec
graeci                        graec
graecia                       graec
graeciae                      graeci
graeciam                      graeci
graecis                       graec
graeco                        graec
graecorum                     graecor
graecos                       graec
graecum                       graec
graecun                       graecun
grai                          gra
graii                         gra
graio                         grai
graios                        grai
graius                        gra
graminis                      gramin
grandi                        grand
grandibus                     grand
grandine                      grandin
grandinem                     grandin
grandinibus                   grandin
grando                        grand
granium                       grani
grassabantur                  grassabantur
grassantem                    grassant
grassaremur                   grassaremur
grassari                      grassar
grata                         grat
gratae                        grat
gratam                        grat
grates                        grat
gratia                        grat
gratiae                       grati
gratiaeque                    grati
gratiam                       grati
gratiamque                    grati
gratiaque                     grat
gratias                       grati
gratificantes                 gratificant
gratificationem               gratification
gratiis                       grati
gratior                       gratior
gratiora                      gratior
gratis                        grat
gratissimae                   gratissim
gratius                       grat
gratuita                      gratuit
gratuitam                     gratuit
gratuiti                      gratuit
gratulantes                   gratulant
gratulantium                  gratulanti
gratulatione                  gratulation
gratulationes                 gratulation
gratulatum                    gratulat
gratulatur                    gratulatur
gratulor                      gratulor
gratum                        grat
gratus                        grat
grauate                       grauat
graue                         grau
grauem                        grau
graues                        grau
grauesque                     grau
graui                         grau
grauia                        grau
grauior                       grauior
grauiora                      grauior
grauiore                      grauior
grauiores                     grauior
grauis                        grau
grauitasque                   grauit
grauiter                      grauiter
grauius                       grau
gravabatur                    grauabatur
gravarentur                   grauarentur
gravate                       grauat
gravatim                      grauatim
gravatum                      grauat
grave                         grau
gravem                        grau
graventur                     grauentur
graves                        grau
gravi                         grau
gravida                       grauid
gravidam                      grauid
gravidata                     grauidat
graviditates                  grauiditat
gravior                       grauior
graviora                      grauior
graviore                      grauior
graviorem                     grauior
graviores                     grauior
gravis                        grau
gravissima                    grauissim
gravissimae                   grauissim
gravissimas                   grauissim
gravissime                    grauissim
gravissimum                   grauissim
gravitate                     grauitat
gravitatem                    grauitat
gravitatis                    grauitat
graviter                      grauiter
graviterque                   grauiter
gravius                       grau
grege                         greg
gregem                        greg
greges                        greg
gregibus                      greg
grues                         gru
gubernacula                   gubernacul
gubernaret                    gubernaret
gubernari                     gubernar
gubernator                    gubernator
gubernatorem                  gubernator
gubernatoribus                gubernator
gubernatorum                  gubernator
gubernet                      gubernet
gurgite                       gurgit
gurgites                      gurgit
gurgustio                     gurgusti
gustandi                      gustand
gustare                       gustar
gustasse                      gustass
gustatus                      gustat
gustavissent                  gustauisse
guttis                        gutt
gymnasium                     gymnasi
h                             h
habeam                        habe
habeamus                      habeam
habeant                       habea
habeantur                     habeantur
habeas                        habe
habeat                        habeat
habeatque                     habeat
habeatur                      habeatur
habebam                       habeb
habebant                      habeba
habebantur                    habebantur
habebat                       habebat
habebatur                     habebatur
habebit                       habebit
habebuntur                    habebuntur
habemus                       habem
habenda                       habend
habendam                      habend
habendas                      habend
habendi                       habend
habendorum                    habendor
habendos                      habend
habendum                      habend
habendus                      habend
habent                        habe
habente                       habent
habentem                      habent
habentes                      habent
habentibus                    habent
habentur                      habentur
habeo                         habe
habeoque                      habe
habere                        haber
haberem                       haber
haberemus                     haberem
haberent                      habere
haberentur                    haberentur
haberet                       haberet
haberetur                     haberetur
haberi                        haber
habes                         hab
habet                         habet
habetis                       habet
habeto                        habet
habetque                      habet
habetur                       habetur
habeturque                    habetur
habita                        habit
habitabantur                  habitabantur
habitabat                     habitabat
habitabatur                   habitabatur
habitae                       habit
habitandi                     habitand
habitando                     habitand
habitandum                    habitand
habitare                      habitar
habitarem                     habitar
habitarent                    habitare
habitaret                     habitaret
habitaretur                   habitaretur
habitari                      habitar
habitat                       habitat
habitationum                  habitation
habitatorem                   habitator
habitatores                   habitator
habitaverat                   habitauerat
habitavissent                 habitauisse
habitavit                     habitauit
habitet                       habitet
habitetis                     habitet
habiti                        habit
habitis                       habit
habito                        habit
habitos                       habit
habitrum                      habitr
habitu                        habit
habitum                       habit
habitumque                    habit
habitura                      habitur
habituram                     habitur
habituri                      habitur
habituris                     habitur
habituros                     habitur
habiturum                     habitur
habiturus                     habitur
habitus                       habit
habuerant                     habuera
habuerat                      habuerat
habuere                       habuer
habuerim                      habuerim
habuerint                     habueri
habueris                      habuer
habuerit                      habuerit
habuerunt                     habueru
habui                         habu
habuisse                      habuiss
habuissent                    habuisse
habuisset                     habuisset
habuit                        habuit
hac                           hac
hace                          hac
hadriatici                    hadriatic
hadriaticum                   hadriatic
hae                           hae
haec                          haec
haedi                         haed
haeduorum                     haeduor
haeduos                       haedu
haerebitis                    haerebit
haerens                       haerens
haerentes                     haerent
haerere                       haerer
haererent                     haerere
haeret                        haeret
haerete                       haeret
haesissent                    haesisse
haesitantes                   haesitant
halucinatus                   halucinat
hamata                        hamat
hanc                          hanc
harena                        haren
harioli                       hariol
harmoniam                     harmoni
harpagones                    harpagon
harpalum                      harpal
harsa                         hars
harum                         har
harundinum                    harundin
haruspex                      haruspex
haruspicem                    haruspic
haruspices                    haruspic
haruspicesve                  haruspicesu
haruspicis                    haruspic
haruspicum                    haruspic
has                           has
hasta                         hast
hastam                        hast
hastaque                      hast
hastas                        hast
hastato                       hastat
hastis                        hast
hatria                        hatr
haud                          ha
hauddum                       haudd
haudquaquam                   haudquaqu
hauriendum                    hauriend
hausere                       hauser
hausit                        hausit
hausto                        haust
haut                          haut
hebetem                       hebet
hebetes                       hebet
hebetiora                     hebetior
hecatam                       hecat
hegesaretos                   hegesaret
heimarmenen                   heimarmenen
helenae                       helen
helenum                       helen
helice                        helic
heliopolis                    heliopol
helua                         helu
heluam                        helu
helviorum                     heluior
heracleamque                  heracle
heracliam                     heracli
heraclides                    heraclid
heraclitum                    heraclit
herbaeque                     herb
herbam                        herb
herbarum                      herbar
herbido                       herbid
herbis                        herb
herbula                       herbul
hercle                        hercl
hercule                       hercul
herculem                      hercul
hercules                      hercul
herculi                       hercul
herculis                      hercul
hercynei                      hercyne
herdoni                       herdon
herdonio                      herdoni
herdonium                     herdoni
herdonius                     herdon
heredem                       hered
heredes                       hered
heredi                        hered
hereditaria                   hereditar
hereditatem                   hereditat
hereditatis                   hereditat
heres                         her
herinarchus                   herinarch
herminium                     hermini
herminius                     hermin
hernicaeque                   hernic
hernici                       hernic
hernicique                    hernic
hernicis                      hernic
hernico                       hernic
hernicoque                    hernic
hernicorum                    hernicor
hernicorumque                 hernicor
hernicos                      hernic
hernicosque                   hernic
hernicumque                   hernic
heroicae                      heroic
heroicis                      heroic
heroum                        hero
hersilia                      hersil
hesiodi                       hesiod
hesperides                    hesperid
hesterna                      hestern
hesternam                     hestern
hesterno                      hestern
hesternum                     hestern
hgemonikon                    hgemonikon
hi                            hi
hiantem                       hiant
hiatibus                      hiat
hiatu                         hiat
hiberi                        hiber
hiberna                       hibern
hibernacula                   hibernacul
hibernis                      hibern
hibernorum                    hibernor
hibero                        hiber
hiberum                       hiber
hic                           hic
hicine                        hicin
hiemabant                     hiemaba
hiemandi                      hiemand
hiemando                      hiemand
hiemare                       hiemar
hieme                         hiem
hiemem                        hiem
hiemes                        hiem
hiemesque                     hiem
hiemi                         hiem
hiemis                        hiem
hiems                         hiems
hiero                         hier
hinc                          hinc
hinnitusque                   hinnit
hippocentauro                 hippocentaur
hippocentaurum                hippocentaur
hippocrate                    hippocrat
hippolytum                    hippolyt
hipponactis                   hipponact
hippotoxotae                  hippotoxot
hique                         hi
hirri                         hirr
hirrum                        hirr
hirsutae                      hirsut
his                           his
hispali                       hispal
hispalim                      hispalim
hispania                      hispan
hispaniae                     hispani
hispaniam                     hispani
hispaniarum                   hispaniar
hispanias                     hispani
hispanienses                  hispaniens
hispaniis                     hispani
hispanis                      hispan
hispanorum                    hispanor
hisque                        his
historia                      histor
historici                     historic
hlnc                          hlnc
hoc                           hoc
hodie                         hodi
hodieque                      hodi
hodierna                      hodiern
hodiernam                     hodiern
homeri                        homer
homerique                     homer
homerum                       homer
homerus                       homer
homine                        homin
hominem                       homin
homines                       homin
hominesque                    homin
homini                        homin
hominibus                     homin
hominibusque                  homin
hominis                       homin
hominum                       homin
hominumque                    homin
homo                          hom
homunculi                     homuncul
honesta                       honest
honestam                      honest
honestarum                    honestar
honestatis                    honestat
honesti                       honest
honestior                     honestior
honestissimos                 honestissim
honesto                       honest
honestum                      honest
honor                         honor
honorandi                     honorand
honorata                      honorat
honorati                      honorat
honoratiorem                  honoratior
honoratissimae                honoratissim
honoratissimosque             honoratissim
honoratissimum                honoratissim
honoratissimus                honoratissim
honoratum                     honorat
honoratus                     honorat
honore                        honor
honorem                       honor
honoremque                    honor
honores                       honor
honori                        honor
honoribus                     honor
honoris                       honor
honorum                       honor
honorumque                    honor
honos                         hon
honosque                      hon
hora                          hor
horae                         hor
horaeque                      hor
horam                         hor
horarum                       horar
horas                         hor
horati                        horat
horatia                       horat
horatiae                      horati
horatii                       horat
horatiis                      horati
horatio                       horati
horatios                      horati
horatiosque                   horati
horatium                      horati
horatiumque                   horati
horatius                      horat
horatiusque                   horat
hordeo                        horde
hordeum                       horde
horis                         hor
horrea                        horre
horrebant                     horreba
horrenda                      horrend
horrendi                      horrend
horrendo                      horrend
horrere                       horrer
horrerent                     horrere
horret                        horret
horrida                       horrid
horrido                       horrid
horror                        horror
horrore                       horror
hortante                      hortant
hortantibus                   hortant
hortarentur                   hortarentur
hortareturque                 hortaretur
hortari                       hortar
hortata                       hortat
hortatu                       hortat
hortatur                      hortatur
hortaturque                   hortatur
hortatus                      hortat
hortatusque                   hortat
hortensi                      hortens
hortensius                    hortens
hortentur                     hortentur
hortetur                      hortetur
hortos                        hort
hortulos                      hortul
hortum                        hort
hortus                        hort
horum                         hor
hos                           hos
hospes                        hosp
hospitale                     hospital
hospitaliter                  hospitaliter
hospitalium                   hospitali
hospite                       hospit
hospites                      hospit
hospitesque                   hospit
hospitia                      hospit
hospitibus                    hospit
hospitii                      hospit
hospitio                      hospiti
hospitium                     hospiti
hospitum                      hospit
hoste                         host
hostem                        host
hostemque                     host
hostes                        host
hostesque                     host
hosti                         host
hostiae                       hosti
hostiam                       hosti
hostibus                      host
hostibusque                   host
hostiis                       hosti
hostile                       hostil
hostilem                      hostil
hostilesque                   hostil
hostili                       hostil
hostilia                      hostil
hostilis                      hostil
hostiliter                    hostiliter
hostilium                     hostili
hostilius                     hostil
hostis                        host
hostium                       hosti
hostius                       host
hs                            hs
huc                           huc
huic                          huic
huius                         hu
huiusce                       huiusc
huiusmodi                     huiusmod
humana                        human
humanae                       human
humanam                       human
humanaque                     human
humanarum                     humanar
humanarumque                  humanar
humanas                       human
humani                        human
humanis                       human
humanisque                    human
humanitate                    humanitat
humanius                      human
humano                        human
humanorum                     humanor
humanum                       human
humanus                       human
humatus                       humat
humi                          hum
humida                        humid
humidum                       humid
humilem                       humil
humili                        humil
humiliora                     humilior
humiliore                     humilior
humiliores                    humilior
humilioribus                  humilior
humilitas                     humilit
humilitate                    humilitat
humilitatem                   humilitat
humillimumque                 humillim
humillimus                    humillim
humo                          hum
humor                         humor
hunc                          hunc
huncine                       huncin
hyadas                        hyad
hydra                         hydr
hyein                         hyein
hyperboreis                   hyperbore
hyperione                     hyperion
i                             i
iacent                        iace
iacente                       iacent
iacentem                      iacent
iacentemque                   iacent
iacentis                      iacent
iacere                        iacer
iacerentur                    iacerentur
iaceret                       iaceret
iaceretur                     iaceretur
iacetani                      iacetan
iaciebant                     iacieba
iaciebantur                   iaciebantur
iaciebat                      iaciebat
iaciendis                     iaciend
iaciunt                       iaciu
iactabant                     iactaba
iactabantur                   iactabantur
iactando                      iactand
iactantes                     iactant
iactantibus                   iactant
iactare                       iactar
iactarentur                   iactarentur
iactaret                      iactaret
iactari                       iactar
iactasse                      iactass
iactata                       iactat
iactati                       iactat
iactatum                      iactat
iactatus                      iactat
iactentur                     iactentur
iactis                        iact
iactu                         iact
iactum                        iact
iactura                       iactur
iacturam                      iactur
iacturis                      iactur
iactus                        iact
iacuisse                      iacuiss
iacuisset                     iacuisset
ialysi                        ialys
iam                           iam
iambus                        iamb
iamque                        iam
ian                           ian
iane                          ian
iani                          ian
ianiculo                      ianicul
ianiculum                     ianicul
iano                          ian
ianuae                        ianu
ianuis                        ianu
ianum                         ian
iargita                       iargit
iasoni                        iason
ibant                         iba
ibat                          ibat
ibes                          ib
ibi                           ib
ibidem                        ibid
ibin                          ibin
ibique                        ib
ibis                          ib
ibit                          ibit
ichneumonum                   ichneumon
icili                         icil
icilia                        icil
icilii                        icil
icilio                        icili
icilios                       icili
iciliosque                    icili
icilium                       icili
icilius                       icil
icta                          ict
icti                          ict
ictibus                       ict
icto                          ict
ictos                         ict
ictu                          ict
ictum                         ict
ictus                         ict
ictusque                      ict
id                            id
idaeis                        idae
idcirco                       idcirc
idem                          id
idemque                       id
identidem                     identid
ideo                          ide
ideoque                       ide
idibus                        id
idonei                        idone
idoneis                       idone
idoneo                        idone
idoneos                       idone
idoneum                       idone
idque                         id
idus                          id
idyia                         idy
ieci                          iec
iecisse                       ieciss
iecore                        iecor
iecoris                       iecor
iecur                         iecur
ierant                        iera
ierat                         ierat
iere                          ier
ierunt                        ieru
igilii                        igil
igitur                        igitur
ignari                        ignar
ignaris                       ignar
ignaro                        ignar
ignaros                       ignar
ignarum                       ignar
ignarus                       ignar
ignarusque                    ignar
ignauia                       ignau
ignauiam                      ignaui
ignauissimi                   ignauissim
ignauissimo                   ignauissim
ignauissimos                  ignauissim
ignavia                       ignau
ignaviam                      ignaui
igne                          ign
ignea                         igne
igneam                        igne
ignem                         ign
igneo                         igne
ignes                         ign
ignesceret                    ignesceret
ignesque                      ign
igneum                        igne
igneus                        igne
igni                          ign
ignibus                       ign
ignique                       ign
ignis                         ign
ignium                        igni
ignobilemque                  ignobil
ignominia                     ignomin
ignominiae                    ignomini
ignominiaeque                 ignomini
ignominiam                    ignomini
ignominiamque                 ignomini
ignominias                    ignomini
ignominiosa                   ignominios
ignominiosae                  ignominios
ignominioso                   ignominios
ignorabant                    ignoraba
ignorabat                     ignorabat
ignoramus                     ignoram
ignorando                     ignorand
ignorans                      ignorans
ignorant                      ignora
ignorantia                    ignorant
ignorantibus                  ignorant
ignorare                      ignorar
ignorarent                    ignorare
ignoraret                     ignoraret
ignoras                       ignor
ignoratio                     ignorati
ignoratione                   ignoration
ignoret                       ignoret
ignoro                        ignor
ignosce                       ignosc
ignoscendi                    ignoscend
ignoscendum                   ignoscend
ignoscere                     ignoscer
ignosci                       ignosc
ignota                        ignot
ignotae                       ignot
ignotam                       ignot
ignotas                       ignot
ignotior                      ignotior
ignotiora                     ignotior
ignotis                       ignot
ignotorum                     ignotor
ignotosque                    ignot
ignotum                       ignot
iguium                        igui
iguvinorum                    iguuinor
iguvium                       iguui
ii                            ii
iidem                         iid
iiii                          ii
iingua                        iingu
iis                           iis
iisdem                        iisd
iisque                        iis
iit                           iit
ilerda                        ilerd
ilerdae                       ilerd
ilerdam                       ilerd
ilia                          il
ilio                          ili
ilium                         ili
illa                          ill
illae                         ill
illam                         ill
illarum                       illar
illas                         ill
illasque                      ill
illata                        illat
illatis                       illat
illato                        illat
ille                          ill
illi                          ill
illic                         illic
illinc                        illinc
illine                        illin
illis                         ill
illius                        ill
illo                          ill
illorum                       illor
illos                         ill
illuc                         illuc
illud                         ill
illum                         ill
illurgavonenses               illurgauonens
illurgavonensis               illurgauonens
illyrico                      illyric
illyricum                     illyric
ilta                          ilt
imaginariis                   imaginari
imagine                       imagin
imaginem                      imagin
imagines                      imagin
imaginibus                    imagin
imaginis                      imagin
imaginum                      imagin
imago                         imag
imbecillitas                  imbecillit
imbecillo                     imbecill
imbelle                       imbell
imbellem                      imbell
imbelles                      imbell
imberbis                      imberb
imbiberant                    imbibera
imbiberat                     imbiberat
imbrem                        imbr
imbres                        imbr
imbribus                      imbr
imbrium                       imbri
imbuerat                      imbuerat
imbutis                       imbut
imbutum                       imbut
imitamini                     imitamin
imitandis                     imitand
imitando                      imitand
imitaretur                    imitaretur
imitari                       imitar
imitati                       imitat
imitatione                    imitation
imitationem                   imitation
imitatus                      imitat
imitentur                     imitentur
imiter                        imiter
immanes                       imman
immatura                      immatur
immaturae                     immatur
immaturam                     immatur
immaturo                      immatur
immemor                       immemor
immemores                     immemor
immensa                       immens
immenso                       immens
immensum                      immens
immeritam                     immerit
immeritis                     immerit
immerito                      immerit
immineant                     imminea
imminebat                     imminebat
imminens                      imminens
imminensque                   imminens
imminente                     imminent
imminentem                    imminent
imminentes                    imminent
imminenti                     imminent
imminentibus                  imminent
imminentis                    imminent
imminentium                   imminenti
imminere                      imminer
imminerent                    imminere
immineret                     immineret
imminet                       imminet
imminuisse                    imminuiss
imminutam                     imminut
imminutis                     imminut
imminuto                      imminut
immisceamur                   immisceamur
immiscuerant                  immiscuera
immisit                       immisit
immissa                       immiss
immissis                      immiss
immisso                       immiss
immissus                      immiss
immitis                       immit
immittit                      immittit
immixti                       immixt
immo                          imm
immoderata                    immoderat
immoderatum                   immoderat
immodicamque                  immodic
immolabant                    immolaba
immolante                     immolant
immolasset                    immolasset
immolat                       immolat
immortale                     immortal
immortales                    immortal
immortalibus                  immortal
immortalitate                 immortalitat
immortalitatibus              immortalitat
immortalitatis                immortalitat
immortalium                   immortali
immunis                       immun
immutata                      immutat
immutationem                  immutation
immutatis                     immutat
immutatur                     immutatur
impacta                       impact
impar                         impar
imparatissimis                imparatissim
imparem                       impar
impares                       impar
impari                        impar
impediant                     impedia
impediat                      impediat
impediebant                   impedieba
impediebantur                 impediebantur
impediebat                    impediebat
impediebatur                  impediebatur
impedienda                    impediend
impediendae                   impediend
impediendam                   impediend
impediendi                    impediend
impediendo                    impediend
impediendum                   impediend
impedientium                  impedienti
impedierint                   impedieri
impediet                      impediet
impediit                      impediit
impedimenta                   impediment
impedimentaque                impediment
impedimentis                  impediment
impedimentisque               impediment
impedimento                   impediment
impedimentorum                impedimentor
impedimentum                  impediment
impedire                      impedir
impedirent                    impedire
impedirentur                  impedirentur
impediret                     impediret
impediretur                   impediretur
impediri                      impedir
impedirique                   impedir
impedissent                   impedisse
impedit                       impedit
impedita                      impedit
impeditas                     impedit
impediti                      impedit
impeditiore                   impeditior
impeditis                     impedit
impeditissimis                impeditissim
impeditos                     impedit
impeditum                     impedit
impeditur                     impeditur
impedituros                   impeditur
impediturum                   impeditur
impediunt                     impediu
impelleret                    impelleret
impelli                       impell
impellit                      impellit
impenderet                    impenderet
impendi                       impend
impensa                       impens
impensae                      impens
impensas                      impens
impensius                     impens
impenso                       impens
imperabantur                  imperabantur
imperabat                     imperabat
imperando                     imperand
imperant                      impera
imperantem                    imperant
imperantur                    imperantur
imperaret                     imperaret
imperat                       imperat
imperata                      imperat
imperatae                     imperat
imperatam                     imperat
imperatas                     imperat
imperati                      imperat
imperatis                     imperat
imperato                      imperat
imperator                     imperator
imperatore                    imperator
imperatorem                   imperator
imperatores                   imperator
imperatori                    imperator
imperatoria                   imperator
imperatorias                  imperatori
imperatoribus                 imperator
imperatoris                   imperator
imperatorium                  imperatori
imperatorum                   imperator
imperatum                     imperat
imperaturi                    imperatur
imperaturum                   imperatur
imperauit                     imperauit
imperaverat                   imperauerat
imperaverit                   imperauerit
imperavisset                  imperauisset
imperavit                     imperauit
imperent                      impere
imperet                       imperet
imperfecta                    imperfect
imperia                       imper
imperiaque                    imper
imperii                       imper
imperiis                      imperi
imperio                       imperi
imperioque                    imperi
imperiorum                    imperior
imperioso                     imperios
imperitabant                  imperitaba
imperitabat                   imperitabat
imperitae                     imperit
imperitam                     imperit
imperitandi                   imperitand
imperitans                    imperitans
imperitare                    imperitar
imperitaret                   imperitaret
imperite                      imperit
imperitorum                   imperitor
imperitos                     imperit
imperium                      imperi
imperiumque                   imperi
impertiendos                  impertiend
impertitum                    impertit
impeto                        impet
impetrabunt                   impetrabu
impetrant                     impetra
impetrari                     impetrar
impetrassent                  impetrasse
impetrasset                   impetrasset
impetrata                     impetrat
impetratae                    impetrat
impetrataque                  impetrat
impetratum                    impetrat
impetraturum                  impetratur
impetrauerunt                 impetraueru
impetraverit                  impetrauerit
impetravisse                  impetrauiss
impetravisset                 impetrauisset
impetres                      impetr
impetu                        impet
impetum                       impet
impetuque                     impet
impetus                       impet
impetusque                    impet
impia                         imp
impiae                        impi
impias                        impi
impie                         impi
impieque                      impi
impietatem                    impietat
impiger                       impiger
impigram                      impigr
impigre                       impigr
impigreque                    impigr
impigros                      impigr
impigrum                      impigr
impiis                        impi
impios                        impi
impium                        impi
impleantur                    impleantur
implebantur                   implebantur
implent                       imple
implerent                     implere
impleret                      impleret
implesse                      impless
implessent                    implesse
implesset                     implesset
implet                        implet
impletur                      impletur
impleturumque                 impletur
impleuerant                   impleuera
impleuere                     impleuer
impleueritis                  impleuerit
impleuerunt                   impleueru
impleuit                      impleuit
impleverat                    impleuerat
implevit                      impleuit
implicant                     implica
implicitis                    implicit
implicitum                    implicit
implicitus                    implicit
implorabimus                  implorabim
implorant                     implora
implorante                    implorant
implorantes                   implorant
implorantis                   implorant
implorare                     implorar
implorarent                   implorare
implorari                     implorar
imploratum                    implorat
imploraturum                  imploratur
imploro                       implor
imponebatur                   imponebatur
imponere                      imponer
imponeret                     imponeret
imponeretur                   imponeretur
imponi                        impon
imponit                       imponit
imponunt                      imponu
imponuntur                    imponuntur
importari                     importar
importato                     importat
importunissumus               importunissum
importunos                    importun
imposita                      imposit
impositae                     imposit
impositis                     imposit
imposito                      imposit
impositos                     imposit
imposuerat                    imposuerat
imposuerimus                  imposuerim
imposuerint                   imposueri
imposuisse                    imposuiss
imposuit                      imposuit
impotens                      impotens
impotentibus                  impotent
impotentium                   impotenti
impressione                   impression
impressionem                  impression
imprimis                      imprim
improbabant                   improbaba
improbans                     improbans
improbante                    improbant
improbasset                   improbasset
improbe                       improb
improbi                       improb
improbis                      improb
improbos                      improb
improbum                      improb
improuidi                     improuid
improuidos                    improuid
improuiso                     improuis
improviso                     improuis
imprudente                    imprudent
imprudentes                   imprudent
imprudentesque                imprudent
imprudentia                   imprudent
imprudentibus                 imprudent
impuberes                     impuber
impubes                       impub
impudentiae                   impudenti
impudentiam                   impudenti
impudica                      impudic
impugnandos                   impugnand
impugnare                     impugnar
impugnatis                    impugnat
impugnatum                    impugnat
impulisset                    impulisset
impulsa                       impuls
impulsas                      impuls
impulsi                       impuls
impulsus                      impuls
impune                        impun
impunitatem                   impunitat
impunitior                    impunitior
imtellegeretur                imtellegeretur
imus                          im
in                            in
inaedificaretur               inaedificaretur
inaedificat                   inaedificat
inaedificata                  inaedificat
inaequalem                    inaequal
inaequali                     inaequal
inaequat                      inaequat
inambulans                    inambulans
inane                         inan
inanem                        inan
inanes                        inan
inani                         inan
inania                        inan
inanibus                      inan
inanima                       inanim
inanimarum                    inanimar
inanimum                      inanim
inanis                        inan
inanium                       inani
inaudita                      inaudit
inaudito                      inaudit
inauditum                     inaudit
inaugura                      inaugur
inaugurandum                  inaugurand
inaugurari                    inaugurar
inauguratae                   inaugurat
inaugurataque                 inaugurat
inaugurato                    inaugurat
inauguratoque                 inaugurat
inbecilla                     inbecill
inbecilli                     inbecill
inbecillitate                 inbecillitat
inbecillitatem                inbecillitat
inbecillitatis                inbecillitat
inberbem                      inberb
inbueremur                    inbueremur
inbutis                       inbut
incaluerant                   incaluera
incaute                       incaut
incauti                       incaut
incautius                     incaut
incautos                      incaut
incautum                      incaut
incautus                      incaut
incedebat                     incedebat
incedentem                    incedent
incedere                      inceder
incederet                     incederet
incedit                       incedit
incedunt                      incedu
incendat                      incendat
incendenda                    incendend
incenderent                   incendere
incenderit                    incenderit
incendi                       incend
incendia                      incend
incendiis                     incendi
incendiisque                  incendi
incendio                      incendi
incendioque                   incendi
incendit                      incendit
incenditur                    incenditur
incendium                     incendi
incendunt                     incendu
incenduntur                   incenduntur
incensa                       incens
incensam                      incens
incensis                      incens
incenso                       incens
incensus                      incens
inceptis                      incept
incepto                       incept
inceptum                      incept
incerta                       incert
incertae                      incert
incertam                      incert
incerti                       incert
incertique                    incert
incertis                      incert
incertius                     incert
incerto                       incert
incertos                      incert
incertum                      incert
incertus                      incert
incesserat                    incesserat
incessere                     incesser
incessit                      incessit
inceste                       incest
incesti                       incest
incestu                       incest
inchoatam                     inchoat
incidebat                     incidebat
incidens                      incidens
incidentem                    incident
incidentes                    incident
inciderat                     inciderat
incidere                      incider
inciderent                    incidere
incideret                     incideret
inciderit                     inciderit
inciderunt                    incideru
incidisse                     incidiss
incidissent                   incidisse
incidisset                    incidisset
incidit                       incidit
incidunt                      incidu
incipere                      inciper
inciperent                    incipere
inciperetur                   inciperetur
incipiamus                    incipiam
incipiant                     incipia
incipias                      incipi
incipiat                      incipiat
incipiebant                   incipieba
incipiendae                   incipiend
incipientem                   incipient
incipit                       incipit
incipite                      incipit
incipiunt                     incipiu
incisa                        incis
incisas                       incis
incisum                       incis
incitabant                    incitaba
incitabat                     incitabat
incitant                      incita
incitantur                    incitantur
incitare                      incitar
incitaret                     incitaret
incitari                      incitar
incitassent                   incitasse
incitat                       incitat
incitata                      incitat
incitatae                     incitat
incitati                      incitat
incitatio                     incitati
incitato                      incitat
incitatum                     incitat
incitatur                     incitatur
incitatus                     incitat
incitauerant                  incitauera
incitaverant                  incitauera
incitavere                    incitauer
incitaverunt                  incitaueru
inciti                        incit
inclamat                      inclamat
inclementius                  inclement
inclinabatur                  inclinabatur
inclinandamque                inclinand
inclinant                     inclina
inclinante                    inclinant
inclinare                     inclinar
inclinaret                    inclinaret
inclinari                     inclinar
inclinasse                    inclinass
inclinat                      inclinat
inclinata                     inclinat
inclinatam                    inclinat
inclinatamque                 inclinat
inclinati                     inclinat
inclinatio                    inclinati
inclinatione                  inclination
inclinatioribus               inclinatior
inclinatis                    inclinat
inclinatur                    inclinatur
inclinatura                   inclinatur
inclinaturam                  inclinatur
inclinauit                    inclinauit
inclinaverat                  inclinauerat
inclinavit                    inclinauit
inclinet                      inclinet
inclita                       inclit
inclitae                      inclit
inclitas                      inclit
incliti                       inclit
inclitum                      inclit
inclitus                      inclit
inclusa                       inclus
inclusarum                    inclusar
incluserat                    incluserat
inclusi                       inclus
inclusis                      inclus
inclusum                      inclus
incognita                     incognit
incognitam                    incognit
incognitis                    incognit
incohastis                    incohast
incohata                      incohat
incohatisque                  incohat
incolae                       incol
incolam                       incol
incolant                      incola
incolas                       incol
incolebant                    incoleba
incolentes                    incolent
incolere                      incoler
incoli                        incol
incolimus                     incolim
incoluere                     incoluer
incolume                      incolum
incolumem                     incolum
incolumemque                  incolum
incolumes                     incolum
incolumesque                  incolum
incolumi                      incolum
incolumibum                   incolumib
incolumibus                   incolum
incolumis                     incolum
incolumisque                  incolum
incolumitatem                 incolumitat
incolumitatis                 incolumitat
incolunt                      incolu
incommoda                     incommod
incommodam                    incommod
incommode                     incommod
incommodi                     incommod
incommodis                    incommod
incommodo                     incommod
incommodum                    incommod
incomposito                   incomposit
incompta                      incompt
incondita                     incondit
inconditi                     incondit
inconditos                    incondit
inconstantia                  inconstant
inconsultam                   inconsult
inconsulte                    inconsult
inconsulteque                 inconsult
inconsultius                  inconsult
incontaminati                 incontaminat
incorrupta                    incorrupt
incorruptius                  incorrupt
incorrupto                    incorrupt
incorruptum                   incorrupt
increbuit                     increbuit
incredibile                   incredibil
incredibilem                  incredibil
incredibilemque               incredibil
incredibili                   incredibil
incredibilique                incredibil
incredibilis                  incredibil
incremento                    increment
incrementum                   increment
increpabat                    increpabat
increpando                    increpand
increpans                     increpans
increpant                     increpa
increpante                    increpant
increpare                     increpar
increparent                   increpare
increparet                    increparet
increpari                     increpar
increpet                      increpet
increpitans                   increpitans
increpitus                    increpit
increpuere                    increpuer
increpuit                     increpuit
increscentis                  increscent
incruenta                     incruent
incruentam                    incruent
incruenti                     incruent
incruento                     incruent
incubans                      incubans
incubuit                      incubuit
incudibus                     incud
incultaque                    incult
incultas                      incult
incultis                      incult
incunabulis                   incunabul
incurrere                     incurrer
incurrisse                    incurriss
incurrit                      incurrit
incurrunt                     incurru
incursabant                   incursaba
incursando                    incursand
incursantem                   incursant
incursantes                   incursant
incursauere                   incursauer
incursione                    incursion
incursionem                   incursion
incursiones                   incursion
incursionibus                 incursion
incursionibusque              incursion
incursu                       incurs
incursum                      incurs
incursus                      incurs
incusantes                    incusant
incusationem                  incusation
incussere                     incusser
incussit                      incussit
incusso                       incuss
incuteret                     incuteret
incutiunt                     incutiu
inde                          ind
indefensi                     indefens
indemnati                     indemnat
indemnato                     indemnat
indemnatum                    indemnat
india                         ind
indiave                       indiau
indicandam                    indicand
indicantis                    indicant
indicaret                     indicaret
indicatam                     indicat
indicatis                     indicat
indicatumque                  indicat
indicavisset                  indicauisset
indicem                       indic
indicendo                     indicend
indicentes                    indicent
indicere                      indicer
indicerentur                  indicerentur
indiceretur                   indiceretur
indici                        indic
indicibus                     indic
indiciis                      indici
indicimus                     indicim
indicio                       indici
indicioque                    indici
indicit                       indicit
indicium                      indici
indico                        indic
indicta                       indict
indictae                      indict
indictis                      indict
indicto                       indict
indictum                      indict
indictumque                   indict
indicuntur                    indicuntur
indidem                       indid
indiderunt                    indideru
indigebant                    indigeba
indigere                      indiger
indigetem                     indiget
indigna                       indign
indignabantur                 indignabantur
indignam                      indign
indignando                    indignand
indignandoque                 indignand
indignantem                   indignant
indignantium                  indignanti
indignantur                   indignantur
indignarentur                 indignarentur
indignari                     indignar
indignatas                    indignat
indignatio                    indignati
indignatione                  indignation
indignationem                 indignation
indignationes                 indignation
indignationum                 indignation
indignatioque                 indignati
indigne                       indign
indigni                       indign
indignior                     indignior
indigniora                    indignior
indignis                      indign
indignissimo                  indignissim
indignissimos                 indignissim
indignitas                    indignit
indignitate                   indignitat
indignitatem                  indignitat
indignitates                  indignitat
indignorum                    indignor
indignos                      indign
indignum                      indign
indignumque                   indign
indiligentiae                 indiligenti
indisertum                    indisert
inditum                       indit
individua                     indiuidu
individuis                    indiuidu
individuorum                  indiuiduor
individuum                    indiuidu
indixerant                    indixera
indixere                      indixer
indixerit                     indixerit
indociles                     indocil
indocte                       indoct
indocti                       indoct
indoctis                      indoct
indoctius                     indoct
indoctos                      indoct
indole                        indol
indolem                       indol
indoles                       indol
indolis                       indol
inducant                      induca
inducat                       inducat
inducebat                     inducebat
inducens                      inducens
inducere                      inducer
induci                        induc
inducit                       inducit
inducta                       induct
inductus                      induct
inducuntur                    inducuntur
induerat                      induerat
indulgendum                   indulgend
indulgentia                   indulgent
indulgere                     indulger
indulsit                      indulsit
indus                         ind
industria                     industr
industriam                    industri
industrie                     industri
induti                        indut
indutiae                      induti
indutiaeque                   induti
indutiarum                    indutiar
indutias                      induti
indutiis                      induti
indutiisque                   induti
induxerunt                    induxeru
induxisse                     induxiss
induxissent                   induxisse
induxit                       induxit
ineamus                       ineam
ineant                        inea
ineat                         ineat
inelegans                     inelegans
inerat                        inerat
inermem                       inerm
inermes                       inerm
inermi                        inerm
inermis                       inerm
inermium                      inermi
inerrantes                    inerrant
inerrantium                   inerranti
inertiaeque                   inerti
inertis                       inert
inertium                      inerti
inesse                        iness
inessent                      inesse
inesset                       inesset
inest                         inest
ineundis                      ineund
ineundum                      ineund
ineunt                        ineu
inexorabilem                  inexorabil
inexpertamque                 inexpert
inexpiabili                   inexpiabil
inexpugnabilem                inexpugnabil
inexpugnabiles                inexpugnabil
inexsuperabiles               inexsuperabil
infacundus                    infacund
infamem                       infam
infami                        infam
infamia                       infam
infamiae                      infami
infamiam                      infami
infanda                       infand
infando                       infand
infantes                      infant
infantibus                    infant
infecta                       infect
infectaque                    infect
infectis                      infect
infelicem                     infelic
infelici                      infelic
infelicibus                   infelic
infelicior                    infelicior
infelicitate                  infelicitat
infeliciter                   infeliciter
infelix                       infelix
infensa                       infens
infensi                       infens
infensis                      infens
infenso                       infens
infensos                      infens
infensosque                   infens
infensum                      infens
infensus                      infens
inferebant                    infereba
inferebantur                  inferebantur
inferebat                     inferebat
inferendi                     inferend
inferendo                     inferend
inferendum                    inferend
inferentem                    inferent
inferentes                    inferent
inferentibus                  inferent
inferias                      inferi
inferior                      inferior
inferiore                     inferior
inferiorem                    inferior
inferiores                    inferior
inferioribus                  inferior
inferioris                    inferior
inferni                       infern
infernis                      infern
inferoque                     infer
inferos                       infer
inferre                       inferr
inferrent                     inferre
inferretur                    inferretur
inferri                       inferr
inferrunt                     inferru
infert                        infert
infertis                      infert
infertur                      infertur
inferum                       infer
inferunt                      inferu
infesta                       infest
infestas                      infest
infesti                       infest
infestior                     infestior
infestis                      infest
infestisque                   infest
infestissima                  infestissim
infestius                     infest
infesto                       infest
infestos                      infest
infestum                      infest
infestumque                   infest
infestus                      infest
infestusque                   infest
infida                        infid
infidam                       infid
infidelitatis                 infidelitat
infidos                       infid
infima                        infim
infimam                       infim
infimas                       infim
infimi                        infim
infimique                     infim
infimis                       infim
infimisque                    infim
infimo                        infim
infimos                       infim
infimum                       infim
infimus                       infim
infinita                      infinit
infinitae                     infinit
infinitate                    infinitat
infinitatem                   infinitat
infinitatis                   infinitat
infinitis                     infinit
infinito                      infinit
infinitum                     infinit
infirmam                      infirm
infirmatis                    infirmat
infirmi                       infirm
infirmiores                   infirmior
infirmis                      infirm
infirmius                     infirm
infirmo                       infirm
infirmos                      infirm
infirmum                      infirm
infit                         infit
infixa                        infix
infixam                       infix
infixus                       infix
inflammarentur                inflammarentur
inflammatos                   inflammat
inflammatus                   inflammat
inflati                       inflat
inflatius                     inflat
inflatiusque                  inflat
inflatum                      inflat
infleclat                     infleclat
inflectens                    inflectens
influit                       influit
informare                     informar
informatas                    informat
informationem                 information
informatum                    informat
infortunium                   infortuni
infra                         infr
infractus                     infract
infraque                      infr
infregissent                  infregisse
infrequens                    infrequens
infrequentiam                 infrequenti
infrequentiores               infrequentior
infringeretur                 infringeretur
infulis                       inful
infusus                       infus
ingemuistis                   ingemuist
ingenerauit                   ingenerauit
ingenia                       ingen
ingenii                       ingen
ingeniique                    ingen
ingeniis                      ingeni
ingenio                       ingeni
ingenitae                     ingenit
ingenito                      ingenit
ingenium                      ingeni
ingeniumque                   ingeni
ingens                        ingens
ingensque                     ingens
ingentem                      ingent
ingentemque                   ingent
ingentes                      ingent
ingenti                       ingent
ingentia                      ingent
ingentibus                    ingent
ingentique                    ingent
ingentis                      ingent
ingentisque                   ingent
ingenuam                      ingenu
ingenuit                      ingenuit
ingerent                      ingere
ingerit                       ingerit
ingerunt                      ingeru
ingratae                      ingrat
ingratam                      ingrat
ingratique                    ingrat
ingratis                      ingrat
ingratos                      ingrat
ingratus                      ingrat
ingrauescens                  ingrauescens
ingravescere                  ingrauescer
ingrederetur                  ingrederetur
ingredi                       ingred
ingrediens                    ingrediens
ingredientes                  ingredient
ingredienti                   ingredient
ingredientibus                ingredient
ingrediuntur                  ingrediuntur
ingressi                      ingress
ingresso                      ingress
ingressu                      ingress
ingressum                     ingress
ingressus                     ingress
ingruente                     ingruent
ingruentem                    ingruent
ingruentis                    ingruent
ingruerant                    ingruera
inhabitabilis                 inhabitabil
inhaerent                     inhaere
inhaerentes                   inhaerent
inhaerentium                  inhaerenti
inhaeresceret                 inhaeresceret
inhaeserant                   inhaesera
inhaeserit                    inhaeserit
inhibendo                     inhibend
inhibendum                    inhibend
inhibenti                     inhibent
inhiberet                     inhiberet
inhibitam                     inhibit
inhibito                      inhibit
inhibuit                      inhibuit
inhumanum                     inhuman
inhumanumque                  inhuman
inibatur                      inibatur
iniceret                      iniceret
iniceretur                    iniceretur
inici                         inic
iniciebatque                  iniciebat
iniciendum                    iniciend
iniciens                      iniciens
inicit                        inicit
iniciunt                      iniciu
iniciuntur                    iniciuntur
iniecerunt                    inieceru
iniecisse                     inieciss
iniecit                       iniecit
iniecta                       iniect
iniectaeque                   iniect
iniectis                      iniect
iniecto                       iniect
iniectum                      iniect
iniectus                      iniect
inierat                       inierat
iniere                        inier
inierunt                      inieru
iniit                         iniit
inimici                       inimic
inimicis                      inimic
inimicitiae                   inimiciti
inimicitias                   inimiciti
inimicitiasque                inimiciti
inimicitiis                   inimiciti
inimico                       inimic
inimicorum                    inimicor
inimicos                      inimic
inimicum                      inimic
iniqua                        iniqu
iniqui                        iniqu
iniquiora                     iniquior
iniquiore                     iniquior
iniquis                       iniqu
iniquisque                    iniqu
iniquitas                     iniquit
iniquitate                    iniquitat
iniquitatem                   iniquitat
iniquo                        iniqu
iniquos                       iniqu
iniquum                       iniqu
inire                         inir
inirent                       inire
iniret                        iniret
iniretur                      iniretur
inisse                        iniss
inisset                       inisset
inita                         init
initi                         init
initia                        init
initiantur                    initiantur
initio                        initi
initium                       initi
inito                         init
initum                        init
initur                        initur
inituram                      initur
inituris                      initur
iniucunditatis                iniucunditat
iniuncta                      iniunct
iniunctae                     iniunct
iniungebat                    iniungebat
iniungendae                   iniungend
iniungi                       iniung
iniungimus                    iniungim
iniungunt                     iniungu
iniunxerat                    iniunxerat
iniunxisse                    iniunxiss
iniuratus                     iniurat
iniuria                       iniur
iniuriae                      iniuri
iniuriam                      iniuri
iniurias                      iniuri
iniuriis                      iniuri
iniussu                       iniuss
iniusta                       iniust
iniustae                      iniust
iniuste                       iniust
iniusti                       iniust
iniustitiae                   iniustiti
iniustum                      iniust
iniustus                      iniust
inlabuntur                    inlabuntur
inlacrimare                   inlacrimar
inlata                        inlat
inlatae                       inlat
inlatam                       inlat
inlati                        inlat
inlatis                       inlat
inlatum                       inlat
inlatus                       inlat
inlecebras                    inlecebr
inlepidum                     inlepid
inlexe                        inlex
inlibatum                     inlibat
inliciendae                   inliciend
inligat                       inligat
inligatas                     inligat
inligatis                     inligat
inlitos                       inlit
inlitum                       inlit
inluminata                    inluminat
inlustre                      inlustr
inlustrem                     inlustr
inlustret                     inlustret
inlustri                      inlustr
inlustribus                   inlustr
inlustrior                    inlustrior
inluxisset                    inluxisset
inluxit                       inluxit
inmanitate                    inmanitat
inmensam                      inmens
inmensis                      inmens
inmensitate                   inmensitat
inmensitatesque               inmensitat
inmenso                       inmens
inmensum                      inmens
inmensus                      inmens
inmissum                      inmiss
inmittentem                   inmittent
inmoderate                    inmoderat
inmoderatos                   inmoderat
inmolare                      inmolar
inmolavisse                   inmolauiss
inmortale                     inmortal
inmortalem                    inmortal
inmortales                    inmortal
inmortali                     inmortal
inmortalibus                  inmortal
inmortalique                  inmortal
inmortalis                    inmortal
inmortalisque                 inmortal
inmortalitate                 inmortalitat
inmortalitatem                inmortalitat
inmortalium                   inmortali
inmutabilibus                 inmutabil
inmutabilique                 inmutabil
inmutantibus                  inmutant
inmutat                       inmutat
innantium                     innanti
innascitur                    innascitur
innata                        innat
innatas                       innat
innataverunt                  innataueru
innauigabilis                 innauigabil
innititur                     innititur
innixi                        innix
innixus                       innix
innocentem                    innocent
innocentia                    innocent
innocentiae                   innocenti
innocentiaque                 innocent
innocentissumus               innocentissum
innoxia                       innox
innoxii                       innox
innoxiis                      innoxi
innoxio                       innoxi
innoxium                      innoxi
innumerabiles                 innumerabil
innumerabilia                 innumerabil
innumerabilibus               innumerabil
innumerabilis                 innumerabil
innumerabilitas               innumerabilit
innumerabilitatemque          innumerabilitat
innumerabilium                innumerabili
innupsisset                   innupsisset
ino                           in
inopem                        inop
inopi                         inop
inopia                        inop
inopiae                       inopi
inopiam                       inopi
inopiaque                     inop
inopinante                    inopinant
inopinantes                   inopinant
inopinantibus                 inopinant
inopinato                     inopinat
inopinatum                    inopinat
inops                         inops
inopsque                      inops
inpediat                      inpediat
inpedire                      inpedir
inpendentium                  inpendenti
inpendere                     inpender
inpetraritis                  inpetrarit
inplicationem                 inplication
inplicatus                    inplicat
inploro                       inplor
inponimus                     inponim
inposuistis                   inposuist
inpressisset                  inpressisset
inprobe                       inprob
inprobis                      inprob
inprobitate                   inprobitat
inproborum                    inprobor
inpudenter                    inpudenter
inpudentiora                  inpudentior
inpulerit                     inpulerit
inpulit                       inpulit
inpulsu                       inpuls
inquam                        inqu
inque                         in
inquieta                      inquiet
inquietum                     inquiet
inquis                        inqu
inquisitione                  inquisition
inquit                        inquit
inquiunt                      inquiu
inregillo                     inregill
inridendis                    inridend
inridens                      inridens
inridentur                    inridentur
inridet                       inridet
inrigat                       inrigat
inrigavit                     inrigauit
inrita                        inrit
inritam                       inrit
inritamque                    inrit
inritandam                    inritand
inritando                     inritand
inritaque                     inrit
inritaret                     inritaret
inritas                       inrit
inritata                      inritat
inritati                      inritat
inritatis                     inritat
inritato                      inritat
inritatos                     inritat
inritatus                     inritat
inritauerint                  inritaueri
inritum                       inrit
inrogatam                     inrogat
inruerent                     inruere
inrumpendi                    inrumpend
inrumpere                     inrumper
inrumperet                    inrumperet
inrumpit                      inrumpit
inrumpunt                     inrumpu
inrupere                      inruper
inrupit                       inrupit
inruptionem                   inruption
insanabile                    insanabil
insanabilem                   insanabil
insanabili                    insanabil
insani                        insan
insanos                       insan
insatiabili                   insatiabil
insatiabilior                 insatiabilior
insatiabilis                  insatiabil
insaturabiliter               insaturabiliter
inscia                        insc
inscientiae                   inscienti
insciis                       insci
inscio                        insci
inscitiam                     insciti
inscitius                     inscit
inscium                       insci
inscribitur                   inscribitur
inscriptum                    inscript
inscriptus                    inscript
insculpsit                    insculpsit
insculptum                    insculpt
insectandisque                insectand
insectante                    insectant
insectantis                   insectant
insectatione                  insectation
insectationem                 insectation
insectatore                   insectator
insecuta                      insecut
insecuti                      insecut
insecutis                     insecut
insecutus                     insecut
insedisse                     insediss
insedit                       insedit
insepultum                    insepult
insequebatur                  insequebatur
insequendi                    insequend
insequendum                   insequend
insequens                     insequens
insequente                    insequent
insequentem                   insequent
insequentes                   insequent
insequenti                    insequent
insequentibus                 insequent
insequentis                   insequent
insequentium                  insequenti
insequi                       insequ
insequitur                    insequitur
insequuntur                   insequuntur
inserentesque                 inserent
inseritur                     inseritur
inseruitum                    inseruit
insidens                      insidens
insident                      inside
insidiae                      insidi
insidiarum                    insidiar
insidias                      insidi
insidiatores                  insidiator
insidiatoris                  insidiator
insidiatos                    insidiat
insidiatum                    insidiat
insidiis                      insidi
insidunt                      insidu
insigne                       insign
insignem                      insign
insignemque                   insign
insignes                      insign
insigni                       insign
insignia                      insign
insignibus                    insign
insignique                    insign
insignis                      insign
insignisque                   insign
insignitior                   insignitior
insignitus                    insignit
insignium                     insigni
insimulabant                  insimulaba
insimulent                    insimule
insinuabant                   insinuaba
insipiens                     insipiens
insiste                       insist
insistere                     insister
insistunt                     insistu
insit                         insit
insita                        insit
insitam                       insit
insitas                       insit
insolens                      insolens
insolente                     insolent
insolenter                    insolenter
insolenterque                 insolenter
insolentiam                   insolenti
insolentius                   insolent
insolita                      insolit
insolitae                     insolit
insolitam                     insolit
insolito                      insolit
insolitum                     insolit
insons                        insons
insontem                      insont
insontes                      insont
inspectante                   inspectant
inspectum                     inspect
insperata                     insperat
insperato                     insperat
insperatum                    insperat
inspiciendam                  inspiciend
instabant                     instaba
instabantque                  instaba
instabat                      instabat
instandi                      instand
instando                      instand
instandum                     instand
instantes                     instant
instantibusque                instant
instar                        instar
instare                       instar
instaret                      instaret
instat                        instat
instaurandi                   instaurand
instaurandum                  instaurand
instaurarentur                instaurarentur
instaurata                    instaurat
instauratio                   instaurati
instauratione                 instauration
instaurentur                  instaurentur
instetur                      instetur
instigabant                   instigaba
instigandoque                 instigand
instigat                      instigat
instincta                     instinct
instinctus                    instinct
institere                     institer
institisse                    institiss
institit                      institit
instituantur                  instituantur
instituebantur                instituebantur
instituendis                  instituend
instituerant                  instituera
instituerat                   instituerat
instituere                    instituer
institueretur                 institueretur
instituerit                   instituerit
instituerunt                  institueru
institui                      institu
instituimus                   instituim
instituisse                   instituiss
instituisset                  instituisset
instituit                     instituit
instituta                     institut
institutae                    institut
institutam                    institut
institutas                    institut
instituti                     institut
institutione                  institution
institutionibus               institution
institutis                    institut
instituto                     institut
institutum                    institut
institutus                    institut
instituunt                    instituu
instructa                     instruct
instructae                    instruct
instructaeque                 instruct
instructam                    instruct
instructaque                  instruct
instructi                     instruct
instructio                    instructi
instructis                    instruct
instructisque                 instruct
instructiusque                instruct
instructo                     instruct
instructos                    instruct
instructum                    instruct
instructumque                 instruct
instructus                    instruct
instruebant                   instrueba
instruebat                    instruebat
instruentemque                instruent
instrui                       instru
instruit                      instruit
instruitis                    instruit
instruitque                   instruit
instruitur                    instruitur
instruunt                     instruu
instruxerant                  instruxera
instruxerat                   instruxerat
instruxerunt                  instruxeru
instruxisset                  instruxisset
instruxit                     instruxit
insubribus                    insubr
insubrium                     insubri
insuescere                    insuescer
insueta                       insuet
insueto                       insuet
insuetos                      insuet
insula                        insul
insulae                       insul
insulam                       insul
insulamque                    insul
insulani                      insulan
insulaque                     insul
insularum                     insular
insulas                       insul
insulis                       insul
insultantem                   insultant
insultare                     insultar
insultarent                   insultare
insultasse                    insultass
insultaturos                  insultatur
insunt                        insu
insuper                       insuper
intacta                       intact
intactam                      intact
intacti                       intact
intactique                    intact
intactos                      intact
intactum                      intact
integebantur                  integebantur
integebat                     integebat
integebatur                   integebatur
integer                       integer
integerrima                   integerrim
integra                       integr
integrabat                    integrabat
integrae                      integr
integram                      integr
integramque                   integr
integrant                     integra
integraret                    integraret
integras                      integr
integri                       integr
integris                      integr
integritatis                  integritat
integro                       integr
integros                      integr
integrosque                   integr
integrum                      integr
integuntur                    integuntur
intellecta                    intellect
intellecturum                 intellectur
intellegam                    intelleg
intellegamus                  intellegam
intellegat                    intellegat
intellegatur                  intellegatur
intellegebam                  intellegeb
intellegebant                 intellegeba
intellegebat                  intellegebat
intellegendi                  intellegend
intellegendo                  intellegend
intellegendum                 intellegend
intellegens                   intellegens
intellegentem                 intellegent
intellegentes                 intellegent
intellegentia                 intellegent
intellegentiae                intellegenti
intellegentiam                intellegenti
intellegentiamque             intellegenti
intellegentis                 intellegent
intellegentium                intellegenti
intellegere                   intelleger
intellegerem                  intelleger
intellegeret                  intellegeret
intellegeretis                intellegeret
intellegi                     intelleg
intellegimus                  intellegim
intellegis                    intelleg
intellegit                    intellegit
intellegitur                  intellegitur
intellego                     intelleg
intellegunt                   intellegu
intellexi                     intellex
intellexit                    intellexit
intemperantia                 intemperant
intemperantiae                intemperanti
intemperie                    intemperi
intemperiem                   intemperi
intendens                     intendens
intendentibus                 intendent
intenderant                   intendera
intenderes                    intender
intendisset                   intendisset
intenta                       intent
intentam                      intent
intentans                     intentans
intenti                       intent
intentione                    intention
intentiore                    intentior
intentiores                   intentior
intentiorque                  intentior
intentis                      intent
intentisque                   intent
intentius                     intent
intento                       intent
intentos                      intent
intentum                      intent
intentus                      intent
intentusque                   intent
inter                         inter
intercalariis                 intercalari
intercedat                    intercedat
intercedebant                 intercedeba
intercedebat                  intercedebat
intercedendo                  intercedend
intercedentibus               intercedent
intercedere                   interceder
intercederent                 intercedere
intercederet                  intercederet
intercedit                    intercedit
interceptorem                 interceptor
interceptoris                 interceptor
intercepturos                 interceptur
interceptus                   intercept
intercessere                  intercesser
intercessio                   intercessi
intercessione                 intercession
intercessionem                intercession
intercessiones                intercession
intercessissent               intercessisse
intercessor                   intercessor
intercessores                 intercessor
intercessoribus               intercessor
intercessuros                 intercessur
intercessurus                 intercessur
interciderent                 intercidere
intercidisse                  intercidiss
intercidit                    intercidit
intercipi                     intercip
intercipiendo                 intercipiend
intercipiunt                  intercipiu
intercludere                  intercluder
intercluderentur              intercluderentur
intercluderetur               intercluderetur
intercludi                    interclud
interclusa                    interclus
interclusi                    interclus
interclusis                   interclus
interclusisset                interclusisset
intercluso                    interclus
interclusos                   interclus
interclusosque                interclus
interclusurum                 interclusur
interclusus                   interclus
intercurrit                   intercurrit
intercursu                    intercurs
interdicitis                  interdicit
interdiu                      interdi
interdum                      interd
interea                       intere
intereant                     interea
intereat                      intereat
interemendi                   interemend
interemisse                   interemiss
interemit                     interemit
interempti                    interempt
interempto                    interempt
interemptorum                 interemptor
interemptum                   interempt
intererant                    interera
intererat                     intererat
interero                      interer
interesse                     interess
interesset                    interesset
interest                      interest
intereunt                     intereu
interfatur                    interfatur
interfecerant                 interfecera
interfecere                   interfecer
interfecerunt                 interfeceru
interfecisse                  interfeciss
interfecit                    interfecit
interfecta                    interfect
interfecti                    interfect
interfectis                   interfect
interfecto                    interfect
interfectorum                 interfector
interfectum                   interfect
interfectus                   interfect
interficere                   interficer
interficerent                 interficere
interficeret                  interficeret
interficeretur                interficeretur
interfici                     interfic
interficiebantur              interficiebantur
interficiendorum              interficiendor
interficiendos                interficiend
interficiendum                interficiend
interficit                    interficit
interficitur                  interficitur
interficiunt                  interficiu
interficiuntur                interficiuntur
interfuere                    interfuer
interfuerunt                  interfueru
interfui                      interfu
interfuissent                 interfuisse
intericiunt                   intericiu
interiecerat                  interiecerat
interiecta                    interiect
interiectas                   interiect
interiecti                    interiect
interiectis                   interiect
interiectisque                interiect
interiecto                    interiect
interiectuque                 interiect
interiectus                   interiect
interiit                      interiit
interim                       interim
interimant                    interima
interimunt                    interimu
interiora                     interior
interiore                     interior
interiorem                    interior
interiores                    interior
interioris                    interior
interire                      interir
interirent                    interire
interiret                     interiret
interisse                     interiss
interit                       interit
interitu                      interit
interitum                     interit
interiturum                   interitur
interitus                     interit
interlucet                    interlucet
interminatam                  interminat
intermiscendo                 intermiscend
intermiserant                 intermisera
intermiserat                  intermiserat
intermisimus                  intermisim
intermissae                   intermiss
intermissam                   intermiss
intermissione                 intermission
intermissiones                intermission
intermissis                   intermiss
intermisso                    intermiss
intermissumue                 intermissumu
intermissuros                 intermissur
intermissus                   intermiss
intermittere                  intermitter
intermitteretur               intermitteretur
intermitti                    intermitt
intermittit                   intermittit
intermittuntur                intermittuntur
intermundiis                  intermundi
internecioni                  internecion
internuntiis                  internunti
interpellabant                interpellaba
interpellandi                 interpelland
interpellantes                interpellant
interpellantibus              interpellant
interpellare                  interpellar
interpellat                   interpellat
interpellatione               interpellation
interpellato                  interpellat
interpellatum                 interpellat
interpellaverunt              interpellaueru
interpellavisset              interpellauisset
interpellavit                 interpellauit
interponendis                 interponend
interponendum                 interponend
interponuntur                 interponuntur
interposita                   interposit
interpositis                  interposit
interposito                   interposit
interpositu                   interposit
interpositurum                interpositur
interpres                     interpr
interpretabantur              interpretabantur
interpretando                 interpretand
interpretantur                interpretantur
interpretarentur              interpretarentur
interpretari                  interpretar
interpretatio                 interpretati
interpretatur                 interpretatur
interpretatus                 interpretat
interprete                    interpret
interpretes                   interpret
interpreti                    interpret
interpretor                   interpretor
interque                      inter
interrege                     interreg
interregem                    interreg
interreges                    interreg
interregis                    interreg
interregna                    interregn
interregno                    interregn
interregnum                   interregn
interrex                      interrex
interrogando                  interrogand
interrogans                   interrogans
interroganti                  interrogant
interrogare                   interrogar
interrogasset                 interrogasset
interrogata                   interrogat
interrogatique                interrogat
interrogatum                  interrogat
interrogaturus                interrogatur
interrogatus                  interrogat
interrogavit                  interrogauit
interrumpant                  interrumpa
interrumpat                   interrumpat
interrumpebant                interrumpeba
interrumpi                    interrump
interrumpit                   interrumpit
interrumpunt                  interrumpu
interrupit                    interrupit
interruptum                   interrupt
interruptus                   interrupt
intersaepsit                  intersaepsit
intersessione                 intersession
intersimus                    intersim
intersint                     intersi
intersit                      intersit
interuallaque                 interuall
interualli                    interuall
interuallis                   interuall
interuallo                    interuall
interuallum                   interuall
interuenisse                  interueniss
interuenissent                interuenisse
interuenit                    interuenit
interueniunt                  interueniu
interuentu                    interuent
interuolitando                interuolitand
intervalla                    interuall
intervallis                   interuall
intervallo                    interuall
intervenisset                 interuenisset
intervenit                    interuenit
interventu                    interuent
intestina                     intestin
intestinae                    intestin
intestini                     intestin
intestinis                    intestin
intestino                     intestin
intestinum                    intestin
intextae                      intext
intimo                        intim
intimum                       intim
intolerabilem                 intolerabil
intolerabili                  intolerabil
intoleranda                   intolerand
intolerandam                  intolerand
intolerandamque               intolerand
intolerantissima              intolerantissim
intonuisset                   intonuisset
intra                         intr
intrare                       intrar
intraret                      intraret
intrasse                      intrass
intrasset                     intrasset
intrauere                     intrauer
intravere                     intrauer
intravissent                  intrauisse
intrinsecus                   intrinsec
introducti                    introduct
introductis                   introduct
introductum                   introduct
introduxerat                  introduxerat
introduxerit                  introduxerit
introduxerunt                 introduxeru
introeunt                     introeu
introiret                     introiret
introitu                      introit
introitum                     introit
introitus                     introit
intromissus                   intromiss
introrsum                     intrors
intuebantur                   intuebantur
intuemini                     intuemin
intuens                       intuens
intuentem                     intuent
intuentes                     intuent
intuentibus                   intuent
intueri                       intuer
intulerant                    intulera
intulerat                     intulerat
intulere                      intuler
intulerit                     intulerit
intulerunt                    intuleru
intulisse                     intuliss
intulissent                   intulisse
intulisset                    intulisset
intulistis                    intulist
intulit                       intulit
intuma                        intum
intumarum                     intumar
intumis                       intum
intus                         int
intuta                        intut
inuadendi                     inuadend
inuadi                        inuad
inuadit                       inuadit
inuaditur                     inuaditur
inuadunt                      inuadu
inualidos                     inualid
inuaserant                    inuasera
inuaserat                     inuaserat
inuasere                      inuaser
inuasisse                     inuasiss
inuasissent                   inuasisse
inuasisset                    inuasisset
inuasit                       inuasit
inuasuros                     inuasur
inuasurum                     inuasur
inuasurus                     inuasur
inuecta                       inuect
inuecti                       inuect
inuectis                      inuect
inuectum                      inuect
inuectus                      inuect
inuehebatur                   inuehebatur
inuehi                        inueh
inuehitur                     inuehitur
inuenerant                    inuenera
inuenerint                    inueneri
inueneris                     inuener
inueneritis                   inuenerit
inueniebatur                  inueniebatur
inuenientibus                 inuenient
inuenietis                    inueniet
inuenio                       inueni
inuenirentur                  inuenirentur
inuenissent                   inuenisse
inuenit                       inuenit
inueniunt                     inueniu
inuenta                       inuent
inuentam                      inuent
inuenti                       inuent
inuento                       inuent
inuentor                      inuentor
inuentum                      inuent
inuentumque                   inuent
inuenturos                    inuentur
inuentus                      inuent
inuexisse                     inuexiss
inuicta                       inuict
inuictam                      inuict
inuictus                      inuict
inuideat                      inuideat
inuiderunt                    inuideru
inuidia                       inuid
inuidiae                      inuidi
inuidiaeque                   inuidi
inuidiaeue                    inuidiaeu
inuidiam                      inuidi
inuidiamque                   inuidi
inuidiosum                    inuidios
inuiolatamque                 inuiolat
inuiolati                     inuiolat
inuiolatos                    inuiolat
inuiolatumque                 inuiolat
inuisam                       inuis
inuisere                      inuiser
inuisi                        inuis
inuisimusque                  inuisim
inuisitatam                   inuisitat
inuisitataque                 inuisitat
inuisitatas                   inuisitat
inuisitato                    inuisitat
inuisos                       inuis
inuisum                       inuis
inuisus                       inuis
inuitamenta                   inuitament
inuitandi                     inuitand
inuitare                      inuitar
inuitat                       inuitat
inuitati                      inuitat
inuiti                        inuit
inuitis                       inuit
inuito                        inuit
inuitos                       inuit
inuitum                       inuit
inuitus                       inuit
inulta                        inult
inultam                       inult
inulti                        inult
inultos                       inult
inultum                       inult
inunc                         inunc
inundet                       inundet
inuocat                       inuocat
inuoluta                      inuolut
inurbane                      inurban
inusitata                     inusitat
inusitatis                    inusitat
inustam                       inust
inutile                       inutil
inutilem                      inutil
inutiles                      inutil
inutili                       inutil
inutilis                      inutil
inutiliter                    inutiliter
inuum                         inu
invabat                       inuabat
invadant                      inuada
invadat                       inuadat
invadendum                    inuadend
invaderet                     inuaderet
invadit                       inuadit
invadunt                      inuadu
invasere                      inuaser
invasisse                     inuasiss
invasit                       inuasit
invectas                      inuect
invectus                      inuect
invehebatur                   inuehebatur
invehens                      inuehens
invehit                       inuehit
invenerint                    inueneri
invenerit                     inuenerit
inveniebant                   inuenieba
invenientes                   inuenient
invenimus                     inuenim
invenio                       inueni
invenire                      inuenir
inveniri                      inuenir
invenisse                     inueniss
invenissent                   inuenisse
invenisset                    inuenisset
invenit                       inuenit
invenitur                     inuenitur
inveniunt                     inueniu
inveniuntur                   inueniuntur
inventa                       inuent
inventi                       inuent
inventis                      inuent
inventor                      inuentor
inventricem                   inuentric
inventum                      inuent
inventurum                    inuentur
inventus                      inuent
investigandae                 inuestigand
investigandum                 inuestigand
inveterare                    inueterar
inveteraverant                inueterauera
inveteraverit                 inueterauerit
invidentia                    inuident
invidia                       inuid
invidiae                      inuidi
invidiam                      inuidi
invidos                       inuid
invisses                      inuiss
invisum                       inuis
invita                        inuit
invitandi                     inuitand
invitati                      inuitat
inviti                        inuit
invitis                       inuit
invitum                       inuit
invitus                       inuit
invocans                      inuocans
invocant                      inuoca
invocantes                    inuocant
invocantibusque               inuocant
invocatae                     inuocat
invocatique                   inuocat
involucrum                    inuolucr
involutae                     inuolut
involuti                      inuolut
involvunt                     inuoluu
iocandum                      iocand
iocatus                       iocat
iocetur                       iocetur
iocis                         ioc
ioco                          ioc
iocos                         ioc
iocum                         ioc
iocunda                       iocund
iouem                         iou
ioui                          iou
iouis                         iou
iove                          iou
iovem                         iou
iovemque                      iou
ioves                         iou
iovi                          iou
iovis                         iou
ipsa                          ips
ipsae                         ips
ipsam                         ips
ipsaque                       ips
ipsarum                       ipsar
ipsas                         ips
ipsasque                      ips
ipse                          ips
ipseque                       ips
ipsi                          ips
ipsique                       ips
ipsis                         ips
ipsius                        ips
ipso                          ips
ipsorum                       ipsor
ipsos                         ips
ipsosque                      ips
ipsum                         ips
ipsumque                      ips
ira                           ir
iracundia                     iracund
iracundiam                    iracundi
iracundias                    iracundi
iracundiasque                 iracundi
irae                          ir
iram                          ir
iraque                        ir
irarum                        irar
iras                          ir
irasci                        irasc
irasque                       ir
irata                         irat
iratae                        irat
irati                         irat
iratis                        irat
irato                         irat
iratos                        irat
iratum                        irat
iratus                        irat
ire                           ir
irent                         ire
iret                          iret
iretur                        iretur
iri                           ir
iris                          ir
irrisui                       irrisu
irrumpere                     irrumper
irrumperent                   irrumpere
irruperunt                    irruperu
is                            is
isdem                         isd
isdemque                      isd
isimque                       isim
isonomian                     isonomian
isque                         is
issam                         iss
isse                          iss
issent                        isse
isset                         isset
ista                          ist
istac                         istac
istae                         ist
istam                         ist
istas                         ist
iste                          ist
isthmum                       isthm
isti                          ist
istic                         istic
istis                         ist
istisne                       istisn
istius                        ist
isto                          ist
istorum                       istor
istos                         ist
istuc                         istuc
istud                         ist
istum                         ist
ita                           it
italia                        ital
italiae                       itali
italiam                       itali
italiamque                    itali
italicae                      italic
italicam                      italic
italicis                      italic
itane                         itan
itaque                        itaque
ite                           it
item                          it
itemque                       it
iter                          iter
iterando                      iterand
iterare                       iterar
iteratus                      iterat
iterque                       iter
iterum                        iter
iterumque                     iter
itidem                        itid
itinera                       itiner
itinere                       itiner
itineri                       itiner
itineribus                    itiner
itineris                      itiner
itinerum                      itiner
itum                          it
itur                          itur
itura                         itur
ituram                        itur
ituros                        itur
iturosque                     itur
iturum                        itur
iturus                        itur
iuba                          iub
iubae                         iub
iubam                         iub
iubcret                       iubcret
iube                          iub
iubeant                       iubea
iubeat                        iubeat
iubebant                      iubeba
iubebat                       iubebat
iubebo                        iubeb
iubendi                       iubend
iubent                        iube
iubente                       iubent
iubentes                      iubent
iubentibus                    iubent
iubentium                     iubenti
iubentur                      iubentur
iubere                        iuber
iuberem                       iuber
iuberent                      iubere
iuberentne                    iuberentn
iuberentque                   iubere
iuberet                       iuberet
iubesne                       iubesn
iubet                         iubet
iuce                          iuc
iucunda                       iucund
iucundum                      iucund
iucundus                      iucund
iudex                         iudex
iudicabat                     iudicabat
iudicamus                     iudicam
iudicandam                    iudicand
iudicandi                     iudicand
iudicandum                    iudicand
iudicans                      iudicans
iudicant                      iudica
iudicantur                    iudicantur
iudicare                      iudicar
iudicarem                     iudicar
iudicari                      iudicar
iudicasset                    iudicasset
iudicasti                     iudicast
iudicat                       iudicat
iudicatos                     iudicat
iudicatum                     iudicat
iudicatur                     iudicatur
iudicauerunt                  iudicaueru
iudicaverat                   iudicauerat
iudicaverunt                  iudicaueru
iudicavit                     iudicauit
iudice                        iudic
iudicem                       iudic
iudicemus                     iudicem
iudicent                      iudice
iudices                       iudic
iudicetis                     iudicet
iudicetur                     iudicetur
iudici                        iudic
iudicia                       iudic
iudicibus                     iudic
iudicii                       iudic
iudiciis                      iudici
iudiciisque                   iudici
iudicio                       iudici
iudiciorum                    iudicior
iudicium                      iudici
iudico                        iudic
iuga                          iug
iugera                        iuger
iugerum                       iuger
iugibus                       iug
iugis                         iug
iugo                          iug
iugulatum                     iugulat
iugulo                        iugul
iugum                         iug
iugumque                      iug
iugurthinae                   iugurthin
iulia                         iul
iulio                         iuli
iulios                        iuli
iulium                        iuli
iulius                        iul
iulo                          iul
iulum                         iul
iulus                         iul
iumenta                       iument
iumentaque                    iument
iumentis                      iument
iumentorum                    iumentor
iuna                          iun
iunam                         iun
iuncta                        iunct
iunctis                       iunct
iuncto                        iunct
iunctum                       iunct
iunctus                       iunct
iungatur                      iungatur
iungebat                      iungebat
iungendosque                  iungend
iungens                       iungens
iungere                       iunger
iungerentur                   iungerentur
iungeretur                    iungeretur
iungi                         iung
iungit                        iungit
iungunt                       iungu
iunguntur                     iunguntur
iunia                         iun
iunio                         iuni
iuniores                      iunior
iunioribus                    iunior
iunioribusque                 iunior
iuniorum                      iunior
iunius                        iun
iuno                          iun
iunone                        iunon
iunonem                       iunon
iunoni                        iunon
iunonique                     iunon
iunonis                       iunon
iunxerat                      iunxerat
iunxisse                      iunxiss
iunxisset                     iunxisset
iunxit                        iunxit
iuppiter                      iuppiter
iura                          iur
iurandi                       iurand
iurando                       iurand
iurandum                      iurand
iurant                        iura
iuraque                       iur
iurare                        iurar
iurassent                     iurasse
iurastis                      iurast
iurat                         iurat
iurati                        iurat
iuratis                       iurat
iuratque                      iurat
iurauere                      iurauer
iurauerint                    iuraueri
iuravisset                    iurauisset
iuravit                       iurauit
iure                          iur
iureiurando                   iureiurand
iurent                        iure
iurgia                        iurg
iurgiis                       iurgi
iurgio                        iurgi
iurgium                       iurgi
iuris                         iur
iurisiurandi                  iurisiurand
iuro                          iur
ius                           ius
iusiurandum                   iusiurand
iussa                         iuss
iusserat                      iusserat
iussere                       iusser
iusserit                      iusserit
iusserunt                     iusseru
iussi                         iuss
iussimus                      iussim
iussique                      iuss
iussis                        iuss
iussisse                      iussiss
iussissent                    iussisse
iussisset                     iussisset
iussit                        iussit
iussoque                      iuss
iussos                        iuss
iussosque                     iuss
iussu                         iuss
iussum                        iuss
iussumque                     iuss
iussuque                      iuss
iussuros                      iussur
iussus                        iuss
iussusque                     iuss
iusta                         iust
iustae                        iust
iustam                        iust
iustas                        iust
iuste                         iust
iusteque                      iust
iusti                         iust
iustine                       iustin
iustiore                      iustior
iustiorem                     iustior
iustiores                     iustior
iustitia                      iustit
iustitiaeque                  iustiti
iustitiam                     iustiti
iustitio                      iustiti
iustitium                     iustiti
iusto                         iust
iustos                        iust
iustum                        iust
iustumque                     iust
iustus                        iust
iuuant                        iuua
iuuare                        iuuar
iuuat                         iuuat
iuuenali                      iuuenal
iuuene                        iuuen
iuuenem                       iuuen
iuuenes                       iuuen
iuuenesque                    iuuen
iuuenibus                     iuuen
iuuenis                       iuuen
iuuenta                       iuuent
iuuentaeque                   iuuent
iuuentas                      iuuent
iuuentus                      iuuent
iuuentute                     iuuentut
iuuentutem                    iuuentut
iuuentutis                    iuuentut
iuuenum                       iuuen
iuuit                         iuuit
iuvando                       iuuand
iuvans                        iuuans
iuvant                        iuua
iuvante                       iuuant
iuvare                        iuuar
iuvaret                       iuuaret
iuvari                        iuuar
iuvat                         iuuat
iuvenali                      iuuenal
iuvencum                      iuuenc
iuvene                        iuuen
iuvenem                       iuuen
iuvenes                       iuuen
iuveni                        iuuen
iuvenibus                     iuuen
iuvenis                       iuuen
iuvent                        iuue
iuventae                      iuuent
iuventatem                    iuuentat
iuventus                      iuuent
iuventute                     iuuentut
iuventutem                    iuuentut
iuventutis                    iuuentut
iuvenum                       iuuen
iuvit                         iuuit
iuxta                         iuxt
iuxtaque                      iuxt
iv                            iu
k                             k
kalendis                      kalend
komhtav                       komhta
korian                        korian
kronov                        krono
kuklov                        kuklo
kurias                        kuri
l                             l
labante                       labant
labare                        labar
labat                         labat
labeatium                     labeati
labefacta                     labefact
labefactandae                 labefactand
labefactari                   labefactar
labefactata                   labefactat
labem                         lab
labente                       labent
labentibus                    labent
laberentur                    laberentur
labibus                       lab
labicana                      labican
labicanis                     labican
labicano                      labican
labicanos                     labican
labicanum                     labican
labicis                       labic
labicos                       labic
labienus                      labien
labitur                       labitur
labor                         labor
laborabant                    laboraba
laborandum                    laborand
laborantibus                  laborant
laborantis                    laborant
laborare                      laborar
laborarent                    laborare
laborasse                     laborass
laborat                       laborat
laboratis                     laborat
laboratum                     laborat
labore                        labor
laborem                       labor
laboremne                     laboremn
labores                       labor
labori                        labor
laboribus                     labor
laboriosissimum               laboriosissim
laboris                       labor
laborum                       labor
labris                        labr
labuntur                      labuntur
lacedaemone                   lacedaemon
lacedaemonem                  lacedaemon
lacedaemoniorum               lacedaemonior
lacedaemoniorumque            lacedaemonior
lacerandam                    lacerand
lacerari                      lacerar
laceratamque                  lacerat
laceratum                     lacerat
lacerius                      lacer
lacerum                       lacer
lacessendam                   lacessend
lacessentes                   lacessent
lacessere                     lacesser
lacessit                      lacessit
lacessiti                     lacessit
lacessunt                     lacessu
lacrimabundus                 lacrimabund
lacrimae                      lacrim
lacrimarum                    lacrimar
lacrimas                      lacrim
lacrimis                      lacrim
lacrimisque                   lacrim
lacte                         lact
lactescere                    lactescer
lacu                          lac
lacum                         lac
lacunosum                     lacunos
lacus                         lac
laedantur                     laedantur
laederent                     laedere
laedi                         laed
laelianas                     laelian
laelii                        lael
laelium                       laeli
laelius                       lael
laeserat                      laeserat
laesi                         laes
laesos                        laes
laeta                         laet
laetans                       laetans
laetantem                     laetant
laeti                         laet
laetificat                    laetificat
laetior                       laetior
laetiorem                     laetior
laetissumique                 laetissum
laetitia                      laetit
laetitiae                     laetiti
laetitiam                     laetiti
laetius                       laet
laetiusque                    laet
laeto                         laet
laetor                        laetor
laetorio                      laetori
laetorium                     laetori
laetorius                     laetor
laetum                        laet
laetus                        laet
laeua                         laeu
laeuaque                      laeu
laeum                         lae
laeuoque                      laeu
laeuos                        laeu
laeva                         laeu
laevam                        laeu
laevas                        laeu
laevo                         laeu
lam                           lam
lambentem                     lambent
lamentabilisque               lamentabil
lamentationes                 lamentation
lamentis                      lament
laminis                       lamin
lampades                      lampad
lanae                         lan
lanato                        lanat
lanatum                       lanat
laneum                        lane
langueat                      langueat
languentibus                  languent
langueremus                   languerem
languida                      languid
languidior                    languidior
languido                      languid
languore                      languor
lanio                         lani
lanuinis                      lanuin
lanuuio                       lanuui
lanuuium                      lanuui
lapicidas                     lapicid
lapide                        lapid
lapideisque                   lapide
lapidem                       lapid
lapideo                       lapide
lapides                       lapid
lapidesque                    lapid
lapidibus                     lapid
lapidis                       lapid
lapidum                       lapid
lapsa                         laps
lapsi                         laps
lapsum                        laps
lapsus                        laps
laqueum                       laque
larcium                       larci
larcius                       larc
larem                         lar
larentiae                     larenti
larentiam                     larenti
larga                         larg
large                         larg
largi                         larg
largiendo                     largiend
largique                      larg
largiretur                    largiretur
largitate                     largitat
largitio                      largiti
largitione                    largition
largitionem                   largition
largitiones                   largition
largitioni                    largition
largitionibus                 largition
largitionis                   largition
largitos                      largit
largium                       largi
largius                       larg
larinatium                    larinati
larisaeos                     larisae
larisam                       laris
lars                          lars
larte                         lart
lartem                        lart
larum                         lar
lasciuiam                     lasciui
lasciuire                     lasciuir
lascivia                      lasciu
lassitudine                   lassitudin
lassitudo                     lassitud
lata                          lat
latae                         lat
latam                         lat
latarum                       latar
latas                         lat
late                          lat
latens                        latens
latent                        late
lateque                       lat
latera                        later
laterculo                     latercul
latere                        later
lateres                       later
lateribus                     later
latericia                     lateric
latericiam                    laterici
latericiis                    laterici
latericium                    laterici
latet                         latet
latina                        latin
latinae                       latin
latinaeque                    latin
latinam                       latin
latinas                       latin
latine                        latin
latini                        latin
latinio                       latini
latinique                     latin
latinis                       latin
latinisque                    latin
latino                        latin
latinoque                     latin
latinorum                     latinor
latinorumque                  latinor
latinos                       latin
latinum                       latin
latinus                       latin
latio                         lati
latiore                       latior
latis                         lat
latissimas                    latissim
latitudine                    latitudin
latitudinem                   latitudin
latitudines                   latitudin
latitudinum                   latitudin
latium                        lati
latius                        lat
lato                          lat
latona                        laton
latonae                       laton
latonam                       laton
latonamque                    laton
lator                         lator
latore                        lator
latorem                       lator
latoremque                    lator
latores                       lator
latoribus                     lator
latrocinantur                 latrocinantur
latrocinii                    latrocin
latrocinio                    latrocini
latrones                      latron
latronibus                    latron
latronibusque                 latron
latronum                      latron
latum                         lat
latura                        latur
laturos                       latur
laturum                       latur
latus                         lat
laudamur                      laudamur
laudamus                      laudam
laudandus                     laudand
laudans                       laudans
laudare                       laudar
laudari                       laudar
laudat                        laudat
laudatamque                   laudat
laudatio                      laudati
laudationem                   laudation
laudator                      laudator
laudatus                      laudat
laude                         laud
laudem                        laud
laudes                        laud
laudesque                     laud
laudi                         laud
laudibus                      laud
laudibusque                   laud
laudis                        laud
laudum                        laud
lauiniique                    lauin
lauinium                      lauini
laureae                       laure
lauream                       laure
laureatae                     laureat
laurentem                     laurent
laurentes                     laurent
laurentinum                   laurentin
laurentium                    laurenti
laus                          la
lautis                        laut
lavinia                       lauin
lavinii                       lauin
lavinio                       lauini
lavinium                      lauini
laviniumque                   lauini
laxamenti                     laxament
laxamentum                    laxament
laxandi                       laxand
laxior                        laxior
lectae                        lect
lecti                         lect
lectica                       lectic
lectis                        lect
lectisternio                  lectisterni
lecto                         lect
lectos                        lect
lectulo                       lectul
lectus                        lect
leda                          led
legat                         legat
legati                        legat
legatio                       legati
legatione                     legation
legationem                    legation
legationes                    legation
legationibus                  legation
legationis                    legation
legatique                     legat
legatis                       legat
legato                        legat
legatorum                     legator
legatos                       legat
legatosque                    legat
legatum                       legat
legatus                       legat
lege                          leg
legem                         leg
legendi                       legend
legendis                      legend
legendos                      legend
legens                        legens
legentem                      legent
legerant                      legera
legere                        leger
legerent                      legere
legeret                       legeret
legerunt                      legeru
leges                         leg
legesque                      leg
legi                          leg
legibus                       leg
legibusque                    leg
legio                         legi
legionariasque                legionari
legionarii                    legionar
legionariorum                 legionarior
legione                       legion
legionem                      legion
legionemque                   legion
legiones                      legion
legionesque                   legion
legioni                       legion
legionibus                    legion
legionis                      legion
legionum                      legion
legis                         leg
legisse                       legiss
legissent                     legisse
legisset                      legisset
legit                         legit
legitima                      legitim
legitimam                     legitim
legitimi                      legitim
legitimo                      legitim
legitimus                     legitim
legitis                       legit
legitur                       legitur
legum                         leg
legumina                      legumin
leguminum                     legumin
legumque                      leg
lemni                         lemn
lena                          len
leniant                       lenia
lenibus                       len
leniendae                     leniend
lenior                        lenior
leniore                       lenior
leniorem                      lenior
lenioribus                    lenior
lenire                        lenir
leniret                       leniret
lenisset                      lenisset
lenissimis                    lenissim
lenissimum                    lenissim
lenitate                      lenitat
lenitatis                     lenitat
leniter                       leniter
lenitum                       lenit
leniturum                     lenitur
lenius                        len
lenocinia                     lenocin
lente                         lent
lentior                       lentior
lentiorem                     lentior
lentius                       lent
lentuli                       lentul
lentulo                       lentul
lentulum                      lentul
lentulus                      lentul
lenunculi                     lenuncul
leo                           le
leokorion                     leokorion
leonaticuml                   leonaticuml
leonem                        leon
leones                        leon
leontium                      leonti
lepido                        lepid
lepore                        lepor
leptitanorum                  leptitanor
lepus                         lep
lepusculos                    lepuscul
leti                          let
leto                          let
leuandae                      leuand
leuandam                      leuand
leuant                        leua
leuaret                       leuaret
leuata                        leuat
leuatae                       leuat
leuatam                       leuat
leuatis                       leuat
leuatur                       leuatur
leucippi                      leucipp
leucotheam                    leucothe
leuem                         leu
leues                         leu
leui                          leu
leuibus                       leu
leuiorem                      leuior
leuiores                      leuior
leuis                         leu
leuissimum                    leuissim
leuitate                      leuitat
leuitatis                     leuitat
leuiter                       leuiter
leuius                        leu
leukothea                     leukothe
levabat                       leuabat
levandas                      leuand
levasse                       leuass
levationem                    leuation
levatur                       leuatur
leve                          leu
levemque                      leu
leves                         leu
levi                          leu
levia                         leu
levibus                       leu
leviora                       leuior
leviorem                      leuior
levioris                      leuior
levique                       leu
levis                         leu
levissuma                     leuissum
levitas                       leuit
levitate                      leuitat
levitates                     leuitat
leviter                       leuiter
leviterque                    leuiter
leviusque                     leu
lex                           lex
libenter                      libenter
libentissimis                 libentissim
libentius                     libent
liber                         liber
libera                        liber
liberae                       liber
liberaeque                    liber
liberalem                     liberal
liberalitate                  liberalitat
liberaliter                   liberaliter
liberam                       liber
liberamque                    liber
liberandae                    liberand
liberandos                    liberand
liberare                      liberar
liberaremur                   liberaremur
liberarent                    liberare
liberaret                     liberaret
liberaretur                   liberaretur
liberari                      liberar
liberas                       liber
liberata                      liberat
liberatam                     liberat
liberati                      liberat
liberatis                     liberat
liberator                     liberator
liberatore                    liberator
liberatorem                   liberator
liberatores                   liberator
liberatoribus                 liberator
liberatoris                   liberator
liberatus                     liberat
liberaverant                  liberauera
liberaverunt                  liberaueru
libere                        liber
liberem                       liber
liberi                        liber
liberior                      liberior
liberique                     liber
liberis                       liber
liberisque                    liber
liberius                      liber
libero                        liber
liberorum                     liberor
liberos                       liber
liberosque                    liber
libertas                      libert
libertate                     libertat
libertatem                    libertat
libertati                     libertat
libertatis                    libertat
libertatisque                 libertat
libertinum                    libertin
libertis                      libert
liberum                       liber
libet                         libet
libidine                      libidin
libidinem                     libidin
libidines                     libidin
libidini                      libidin
libidinis                     libidin
libidinose                    libidinos
libido                        libid
libo                          lib
libone                        libon
libonem                       libon
libonis                       libon
libram                        libr
libri                         libr
librique                      libr
libris                        libr
libro                         libr
libros                        libr
librum                        libr
libui                         libu
liburnarum                    liburnar
liburnicae                    liburnic
libyae                        liby
libyamque                     liby
liceat                        liceat
licebat                       licebat
licebit                       licebit
licentia                      licent
licentiae                     licenti
licentiam                     licenti
licere                        licer
liceret                       liceret
liceretne                     liceretn
licet                         licet
licini                        licin
liciniae                      licini
licinio                       licini
licinium                      licini
licinius                      licin
licitum                       licit
lictor                        lictor
lictore                       lictor
lictorem                      lictor
lictores                      lictor
lictoresque                   lictor
lictori                       lictor
lictoribus                    lictor
lictorum                      lictor
licuerit                      licuerit
licuisse                      licuiss
licuisset                     licuisset
licuit                        licuit
ligna                         lign
lignandi                      lignand
lignea                        ligne
ligneis                       ligne
lignis                        lign
lignorum                      lignor
ligures                       ligur
ligustico                     ligustic
limatum                       limat
limen                         limen
limenque                      limen
limine                        limin
liminibus                     limin
limo                          lim
lindi                         lind
lingonesque                   lingon
lingua                        lingu
linguae                       lingu
linguam                       lingu
liniamenta                    liniament
liniamentis                   liniament
liniamentorum                 liniamentor
linteis                       linte
linteo                        linte
linteos                       linte
lintribusque                  lintr
liparas                       lipar
liparensium                   liparensi
liqueat                       liqueat
liquefacta                    liquefact
liqueret                      liqueret
liquet                        liquet
liquor                        liquor
liquores                      liquor
lissi                         liss
lisso                         liss
lissum                        liss
litato                        litat
litem                         lit
litibus                       lit
litigabat                     litigabat
litis                         lit
litium                        liti
litora                        litor
litoraque                     litor
litore                        litor
litoribus                     litor
litoris                       litor
litorum                       litor
littera                       litter
litterae                      litter
litterarum                    litterar
litteras                      litter
litteratum                    litterat
litteratus                    litterat
litteris                      litter
lituo                         litu
litus                         lit
lituum                        litu
lituus                        litu
lixarum                       lixar
loca                          loc
locant                        loca
locantur                      locantur
locaque                       loc
locari                        locar
locat                         locat
locata                        locat
locatam                       locat
locatas                       locat
locato                        locat
locatus                       locat
locauere                      locauer
locauit                       locauit
loci                          loc
locis                         loc
locisque                      loc
loco                          loc
locoque                       loc
locorum                       locor
locos                         loc
locri                         locr
locris                        locr
locrorum                      locror
locum                         loc
locumque                      loc
locupletesque                 locuplet
locupletiorum                 locupletior
locupletissimas               locupletissim
locupletum                    locuplet
locus                         loc
locutam                       locut
locuti                        locut
locutio                       locuti
locutos                       locut
locutum                       locut
locutus                       locut
longa                         long
longae                        long
longam                        long
longarum                      longar
longas                        long
longe                         long
longeque                      long
longi                         long
longinqua                     longinqu
longinquae                    longinqu
longinquam                    longinqu
longinqui                     longinqu
longinquiores                 longinquior
longinquioribus               longinquior
longinquis                    longinqu
longinquitasque               longinquit
longinquitatem                longinquitat
longinquo                     longinqu
longinquum                    longinqu
longinum                      longin
longior                       longior
longiore                      longior
longiores                     longior
longioribus                   longior
longioris                     longior
longis                        long
longissime                    longissim
longissimeque                 longissim
longissimus                   longissim
longitudinem                  longitudin
longitudinum                  longitudin
longius                       long
longiusque                    long
longo                         long
longulam                      longul
longum                        long
longumque                     long
longuriique                   longur
longuriis                     longuri
longus                        long
loquaces                      loquac
loquar                        loquar
loquare                       loquar
loquebantur                   loquebantur
loquebatur                    loquebatur
loquentem                     loquent
loquentium                    loquenti
loquerentur                   loquerentur
loqueretur                    loqueretur
loquetur                      loquetur
loqui                         loqu
loquimur                      loquimur
loquitur                      loquitur
loquor                        loquor
loquuntur                     loquuntur
lorica                        loric
loricam                       loric
loricis                       loric
love                          lou
lubenter                      lubenter
lubentinae                    lubentin
luberet                       luberet
lubricos                      lubric
lucanis                       lucan
lucceio                       luccei
luce                          luc
lucem                         luc
lucendo                       lucend
luceres                       lucer
luceria                       lucer
lucerum                       lucer
lucescebat                    lucescebat
lucet                         lucet
lucifer                       lucifer
luciferam                     lucifer
lucii                         luc
lucili                        lucil
lucilio                       lucili
lucilium                      lucili
lucilius                      lucil
lucina                        lucin
lucinam                       lucin
lucio                         luci
lucis                         luc
luco                          luc
lucos                         luc
lucrarentur                   lucrarentur
lucreti                       lucret
lucretia                      lucret
lucretiae                     lucreti
lucretiam                     lucreti
lucretio                      lucreti
lucretium                     lucreti
lucretius                     lucret
luctu                         luct
luctum                        luct
luctus                        luct
lucubrantes                   lucubrant
lucubratione                  lucubration
lucum                         luc
lucumo                        lucum
lucumone                      lucumon
lucumonem                     lucumon
lucumoni                      lucumon
lucus                         luc
ludere                        luder
ludi                          lud
ludibrio                      ludibri
ludibrioque                   ludibri
ludibrium                     ludibri
ludicra                       ludicr
ludicro                       ludicr
ludicrum                      ludicr
ludificari                    ludificar
ludimur                       ludimur
ludis                         lud
ludo                          lud
ludorum                       ludor
ludos                         lud
ludosque                      lud
luendis                       luend
luens                         luens
lueretur                      lueretur
lugebit                       lugebit
lugubres                      lugubr
lumen                         lumen
lumina                        lumin
lumine                        lumin
luminibus                     lumin
luminum                       lumin
luna                          lun
lunae                         lun
lunaeque                      lun
lunam                         lun
lunamque                      lun
lupam                         lup
lupercal                      lupercal
lupo                          lup
lupos                         lup
lupus                         lup
lusio                         lusi
lusitani                      lusitan
lusitania                     lusitan
lusitaniae                    lusitani
lusitaniamque                 lusitani
lusitanis                     lusitan
lustrale                      lustral
lustrans                      lustrans
lustrare                      lustrar
lustrat                       lustrat
lustrationem                  lustration
lustrato                      lustrat
lustratum                     lustrat
lustravit                     lustrauit
lustro                        lustr
lustrum                       lustr
lusu                          lus
lusum                         lus
lusus                         lus
lutatium                      lutati
luto                          lut
lutoque                       lut
lux                           lux
luxere                        luxer
luxerunt                      luxeru
luxit                         luxit
luxuque                       lux
luxuriam                      luxuri
luxuriare                     luxuriar
luxuriarent                   luxuriare
luxuriauere                   luxuriauer
luxuriosa                     luxurios
lx                            lx
lxx                           lxx
lxxx                          lxxx
lycaeum                       lycae
lycio                         lyci
lycurgo                       lycurg
lysithoe                      lysitho
m                             m
macedones                     macedon
macedonia                     macedon
macedoniae                    macedoni
macedoniam                    macedoni
macer                         macer
macerent                      macere
macerino                      macerin
macerinus                     macerin
machinae                      machin
machinam                      machin
machinari                     machinar
machinas                      machin
machinata                     machinat
machinatio                    machinati
machinatione                  machination
machinator                    machinator
machinatur                    machinatur
macie                         maci
macrum                        macr
mactatam                      mactat
macte                         mact
macula                        macul
maculam                       macul
macularent                    maculare
maecilium                     maecili
maecilius                     maecil
maeli                         mael
maeliana                      maelian
maelianae                     maelian
maeliani                      maelian
maelianum                     maelian
maelio                        maeli
maelium                       maeli
maelius                       mael
maemalio                      maemali
maenium                       maeni
maerentis                     maerent
maeror                        maeror
maerores                      maeror
maesia                        maes
maesta                        maest
maestae                       maest
maestam                       maest
maesti                        maest
maestior                      maestior
maestique                     maest
maestis                       maest
maestitia                     maestit
maestitiam                    maestiti
maestum                       maest
magis                         mag
magister                      magister
magistra                      magistr
magistratibus                 magistrat
magistratibusque              magistrat
magistratu                    magistrat
magistratui                   magistratu
magistratum                   magistrat
magistratuque                 magistrat
magistratus                   magistrat
magistratuum                  magistratu
magistratuumque               magistratu
magistri                      magistr
magistrisque                  magistr
magistro                      magistr
magistros                     magistr
magistrum                     magistr
magium                        magi
magius                        mag
magna                         magn
magnae                        magn
magnaeque                     magn
magnam                        magn
magnamque                     magn
magnaque                      magn
magnarum                      magnar
magnarumque                   magnar
magnas                        magn
magni                         magn
magnifice                     magnific
magnificentia                 magnificent
magnificis                    magnific
magnificus                    magnific
magnique                      magn
magnis                        magn
magnisque                     magn
magnitudine                   magnitudin
magnitudinem                  magnitudin
magnitudini                   magnitudin
magnitudinibus                magnitudin
magnitudo                     magnitud
magno                         magn
magnopere                     magnoper
magnoque                      magn
magnorum                      magnor
magnos                        magn
magnum                        magn
magnumque                     magn
magnus                        magn
magnusque                     magn
magorum                       magor
maia                          ma
maiae                         mai
maias                         mai
maiestas                      maiest
maiestate                     maiestat
maiestatem                    maiestat
maiestatemque                 maiestat
maiestati                     maiestat
maiestatis                    maiestat
maiestatisque                 maiestat
maiis                         mai
maior                         maior
maiora                        maior
maiore                        maior
maiorem                       maior
maioremque                    maior
maiores                       maior
maiori                        maior
maioribus                     maior
maioris                       maior
maiorisque                    maior
maiorum                       maior
maiorumque                    maior
maius                         ma
maiusque                      ma
majore                        maior
mala                          mal
malae                         mal
malaque                       mal
malarum                       malar
male                          mal
malebant                      maleba
malebat                       malebat
maledicta                     maledict
maledictis                    maledict
maleficii                     malefic
maleficio                     malefici
mali                          mal
maligne                       malign
malignitate                   malignitat
malignitatis                  malignitat
malis                         mal
malitia                       malit
malitiam                      maliti
malitiamque                   maliti
malitiarum                    malitiar
malitiosam                    malitios
malitis                       malit
malle                         mall
mallem                        mall
mallent                       malle
mallet                        mallet
malo                          mal
malorum                       malor
maluerint                     malueri
maluerit                      maluerit
maluerunt                     malueru
maluginense                   maluginens
maluginensem                  maluginens
maluginensis                  maluginens
malui                         malu
maluistis                     maluist
maluit                        maluit
malum                         mal
malunt                        malu
mam                           mam
mamerci                       mamerc
mamerco                       mamerc
mamercum                      mamerc
mamercus                      mamerc
mamilio                       mamili
mamilium                      mamili
mamilius                      mamil
mamillio                      mamilli
mammarum                      mammar
mammas                        mamm
manant                        mana
manantem                      manant
manare                        manar
manarent                      manare
manaret                       manaret
manat                         manat
manavit                       manauit
mancipia                      mancip
mancipium                     mancipi
mandaremus                    mandarem
mandaretur                    mandaretur
mandasse                      mandass
mandat                        mandat
mandata                       mandat
mandataque                    mandat
mandati                       mandat
mandatis                      mandat
mandatorum                    mandator
mandatum                      mandat
mandatur                      mandatur
mandaverat                    mandauerat
mandavi                       mandau
mandentur                     mandentur
mandet                        mandet
mandetis                      mandet
manditur                      manditur
mandunt                       mandu
mane                          man
maneant                       manea
maneat                        maneat
maneatis                      maneat
maneatque                     maneat
manebat                       manebat
manebimus                     manebim
manebit                       manebit
manendum                      manend
manente                       manent
manentibus                    manent
manere                        maner
manerent                      manere
maneret                       maneret
manes                         man
manesque                      man
manet                         manet
mani                          man
manibus                       man
manibusque                    man
manifesta                     manifest
manifestae                    manifest
manifesto                     manifest
manifestum                    manifest
manilium                      manili
manilius                      manil
manipulares                   manipular
manipularibus                 manipular
manipulatim                   manipulatim
manipulique                   manipul
manipulis                     manipul
manipulos                     manipul
manli                         manl
manliana                      manlian
manlio                        manli
manlium                       manli
manlius                       manl
manserant                     mansera
mansere                       manser
manserit                      manserit
mansimus                      mansim
mansit                        mansit
mansuefecerant                mansuefecera
mansuete                      mansuet
mansueto                      mansuet
mansuetum                     mansuet
mansuros                      mansur
mantike                       mantik
manu                          man
manubiae                      manubi
manubus                       manub
manum                         man
manuque                       man
manus                         man
marcellini                    marcellin
marcellinum                   marcellin
marcellinus                   marcellin
marcello                      marcell
marcellum                     marcell
marcellus                     marcell
marci                         marc
marcio                        marci
marcium                       marci
marcius                       marc
mare                          mar
mares                         mar
mari                          mar
maria                         mar
mariaque                      mar
marinae                       marin
marinis                       marin
marique                       mar
maris                         mar
maritima                      maritim
maritimae                     maritim
maritimam                     maritim
maritimi                      maritim
maritimis                     maritim
maritimo                      maritim
maritimum                     maritim
maritimus                     maritim
maritumae                     maritum
maritus                       marit
marius                        mar
marrucinorum                  marrucinor
mars                          mars
marsi                         mars
marsis                        mars
marte                         mart
martem                        mart
martemque                     mart
marti                         mart
martio                        marti
martis                        mart
martium                       marti
martius                       mart
massilensium                  massilensi
massilia                      massil
massiliae                     massili
massiliam                     massili
massilienses                  massiliens
massiliensesque               massiliens
massiliensibus                massiliens
massiliensibusque             massiliens
massiliensium                 massiliensi
masso                         mass
mater                         mater
materia                       mater
materiae                      materi
materiaeque                   materi
materiam                      materi
materiamque                   materi
materna                       matern
materne                       matern
mathematici                   mathematic
mathematicus                  mathematic
matre                         matr
matrem                        matr
matres                        matr
matri                         matr
matribus                      matr
matrimonio                    matrimoni
matrimonium                   matrimoni
matris                        matr
matronae                      matron
matronarum                    matronar
matronis                      matron
matrum                        matr
matura                        matur
maturae                       matur
maturam                       matur
maturandum                    maturand
maturarimus                   maturarim
maturassent                   maturasse
maturata                      maturat
maturato                      maturat
maturatoque                   maturat
maturatum                     maturat
maturauerat                   maturauerat
maturauit                     maturauit
mature                        matur
maturescente                  maturescent
maturescere                   maturescer
maturescunt                   maturescu
maturior                      maturior
maturis                       matur
maturisue                     maturisu
maturitate                    maturitat
maturitatemque                maturitat
maturitates                   maturitat
maturitatesque                maturitat
maturius                      matur
maturum                       matur
maturumque                    matur
maturus                       matur
matuta                        matut
matutae                       matut
matutinis                     matutin
mauretaniam                   mauretani
mauritaniam                   mauritani
mavis                         mau
mavors                        mauors
maxima                        maxim
maximae                       maxim
maximaeque                    maxim
maximam                       maxim
maximarum                     maximar
maximas                       maxim
maxime                        maxim
maximeque                     maxim
maximi                        maxim
maximique                     maxim
maximis                       maxim
maximo                        maxim
maximos                       maxim
maximum                       maxim
maximus                       maxim
maxuma                        maxum
maxumae                       maxum
maxumam                       maxum
maxumarum                     maxumar
maxumas                       maxum
maxume                        maxum
maxumeque                     maxum
maxumo                        maxum
maxumum                       maxum
maxumus                       maxum
me                            me
mea                           me
meae                          me
meam                          me
mearum                        mear
mecum                         mec
medea                         mede
medeae                        mede
media                         med
mediaest                      mediaest
mediam                        medi
mediaque                      med
medias                        medi
medicamentorum                medicamentor
medici                        medic
medicina                      medicin
medicis                       medic
medicorum                     medicor
medicus                       medic
medii                         med
mediis                        medi
medio                         medi
mediocre                      mediocr
mediocrem                     mediocr
mediocres                     mediocr
mediocri                      mediocr
mediocribus                   mediocr
mediocris                     mediocr
mediocriter                   mediocriter
mediolanium                   mediolani
medioque                      medi
medios                        medi
meditabar                     meditabar
meditantes                    meditant
mediterranei                  mediterrane
mediterraneis                 mediterrane
medium                        medi
medius                        med
mediusfidius                  mediusfid
medullia                      medull
medulliam                     medulli
medullinum                    medullin
medullinus                    medullin
mehercule                     mehercul
mei                           me
meiius                        mei
meis                          me
meisque                       me
melampus                      melamp
melete                        melet
melior                        melior
meliora                       melior
meliore                       melior
meliorem                      melior
melioremque                   melior
meliores                      melior
meliori                       melior
melioribus                    melior
melioris                      melior
melius                        mel
melo                          mel
membra                        membr
membranis                     membran
membraque                     membr
membris                       membr
membrisque                    membr
membrorum                     membror
meminerant                    meminera
memini                        memin
meminimus                     meminim
meminisse                     meminiss
meminissem                    meminiss
meminissent                   meminisse
meminisset                    meminisset
meministis                    meminist
memor                         memor
memorabat                     memorabat
memorabile                    memorabil
memorabilem                   memorabil
memorabili                    memorabil
memorabilis                   memorabil
memorans                      memorans
memorant                      memora
memorantem                    memorant
memorantes                    memorant
memorare                      memorar
memorari                      memorar
memorata                      memorat
memoratis                     memorat
memoratu                      memorat
memoratum                     memorat
memorem                       memor
memores                       memor
memoria                       memor
memoriae                      memori
memoriam                      memori
memoris                       memor
memoriter                     memoriter
memoro                        memor
memorque                      memor
mendacii                      mendac
mendacio                      mendaci
menedemus                     menedem
meneni                        menen
menenianum                    menenian
menenio                       meneni
menenium                      meneni
menenius                      menen
mens                          mens
mensa                         mens
mensas                        mens
mense                         mens
menses                        mens
mensibus                      mens
mensis                        mens
mensium                       mensi
menstruis                     menstru
menstruo                      menstru
mensum                        mens
mente                         ment
mentem                        ment
mentemque                     ment
mentes                        ment
mentesque                     ment
menti                         ment
mentiantur                    mentiantur
mentibus                      ment
mentio                        menti
mentione                      mention
mentionem                     mention
mentiones                     mention
mentis                        ment
mento                         ment
mentum                        ment
meo                           me
meorum                        meor
meos                          me
meque                         me
meracius                      merac
mercandi                      mercand
mercandum                     mercand
mercatores                    mercator
mercatoribus                  mercator
mercatorum                    mercator
mercatu                       mercat
mercatura                     mercatur
mercede                       merced
mercedem                      merced
mercedes                      merced
mercedis                      merced
mercenarios                   mercenari
mercennario                   mercennari
merces                        merc
mercule                       mercul
mercuri                       mercur
mercurio                      mercuri
mercurium                     mercuri
mercurius                     mercur
mereas                        mere
merenda                       merend
merentem                      merent
merere                        merer
mereretur                     mereretur
meretricula                   meretricul
meretur                       meretur
mergentibus                   mergent
mergerent                     mergere
mergeretur                    mergeretur
mergi                         merg
meridiani                     meridian
meridiano                     meridian
meridiem                      meridi
merita                        merit
meritae                       merit
meritam                       merit
meriti                        merit
meritis                       merit
merito                        merit
meritorum                     meritor
meritos                       merit
meritum                       merit
merituri                      meritur
meritus                       merit
meruerant                     meruera
meruit                        meruit
mesopotamiam                  mesopotami
messanae                      messan
messanam                      messan
messi                         mess
messio                        messi
messium                       messi
messius                       mess
metam                         met
metapontum                    metapont
metari                        metar
metatus                       metat
metellum                      metell
metellus                      metell
metiens                       metiens
metilius                      metil
metiliusque                   metil
metiri                        metir
metrodori                     metrodor
metrodorum                    metrodor
metrodorus                    metrodor
metropolim                    metropolim
metropolitae                  metropolit
metropolitum                  metropolit
metti                         mett
mettio                        metti
mettium                       metti
mettius                       mett
metu                          met
metuant                       metua
metuebant                     metueba
metuendos                     metuend
metuendus                     metuend
metuens                       metuens
metuentes                     metuent
metuerant                     metuera
metui                         metu
metuimus                      metuim
metuis                        metu
metuit                        metuit
metum                         met
metumque                      met
metuque                       met
metus                         met
metusque                      met
meum                          me
meus                          me
mezentiumque                  mezenti
mezentius                     mezent
mhthr                         mhthr
micans                        micans
micantesque                   micant
micanti                       micant
micare                        micar
migrandi                      migrand
migrandum                     migrand
migrantium                    migranti
migrare                       migrar
migrari                       migrar
migratio                      migrati
migratum                      migrat
mihi                          mih
mihique                       mih
miles                         mil
milesio                       milesi
milesius                      miles
milia                         mil
miliaque                      mil
milibus                       mil
miliens                       miliens
militandi                     militand
militandum                    militand
militantem                    militant
militantibus                  militant
militantium                   militanti
militare                      militar
militarem                     militar
militarent                    militare
militares                     militar
militari                      militar
militaria                     militar
militaribus                   militar
militaribusque                militar
militarique                   militar
militaris                     militar
militariter                   militariter
militarium                    militari
militasse                     militass
militassent                   militasse
milite                        milit
militem                       milit
milites                       milit
militesque                    milit
militi                        milit
militia                       milit
militiae                      militi
militiaeque                   militi
militiam                      militi
militibus                     milit
militibusque                  milit
militis                       milit
militum                       milit
militumque                    milit
milium                        mili
mille                         mill
milo                          mil
milonem                       milon
miluo                         milu
minabantur                    minabantur
minaberis                     minaber
minaci                        minac
minacior                      minacior
minaciter                     minaciter
minae                         min
minantem                      minant
minantes                      minant
minaretur                     minaretur
minari                        minar
minarum                       minar
minas                         min
minasque                      min
minatur                       minatur
minatus                       minat
minerua                       mineru
minerva                       mineru
minervae                      mineru
minervam                      mineru
minima                        minim
minimam                       minim
minime                        minim
minimeque                     minim
minimis                       minim
minimisque                    minim
minimo                        minim
minimos                       minim
minimus                       minim
minis                         min
minisque                      min
minister                      minister
ministeria                    minister
ministeriaque                 minister
ministerii                    minister
ministeriis                   ministeri
ministerio                    ministeri
ministerium                   ministeri
ministrantem                  ministrant
ministras                     ministr
ministri                      ministr
ministris                     ministr
ministro                      ministr
ministros                     ministr
minitabundus                  minitabund
minitans                      minitans
minitantes                    minitant
minor                         minor
minora                        minor
minore                        minor
minorem                       minor
minores                       minor
minoribus                     minor
minoribusque                  minor
minoris                       minor
minorum                       minor
minuat                        minuat
minuci                        minuc
minucio                       minuci
minucium                      minuci
minucius                      minuc
minuendae                     minuend
minuendam                     minuend
minuendi                      minuend
minuendumve                   minuendumu
minuere                       minuer
minuerent                     minuere
minueret                      minueret
minueritis                    minuerit
minuerunt                     minueru
minui                         minu
minuissent                    minuisse
minuisset                     minuisset
minuit                        minuit
minus                         min
minusque                      min
minusue                       minusu
mira                          mir
mirabantur                    mirabantur
mirabatur                     mirabatur
mirabile                      mirabil
mirabilem                     mirabil
mirabiles                     mirabil
mirabilia                     mirabil
mirabiliter                   mirabiliter
mirabilius                    mirabil
mirabundam                    mirabund
mirabundi                     mirabund
miracula                      miracul
miraculi                      miracul
miraculis                     miracul
miraculo                      miracul
miraculoque                   miracul
miraculum                     miracul
mirae                         mir
miram                         mir
miranda                       mirand
mirandoque                    mirand
mirandum                      mirand
mirantes                      mirant
mirantium                     miranti
mirantur                      mirantur
mirari                        mirar
mirariue                      mirariu
miratae                       mirat
mirati                        mirat
mire                          mir
mirer                         mirer
mirifice                      mirific
mirificis                     mirific
miris                         mir
miror                         miror
mirum                         mir
mirumque                      mir
misceant                      miscea
miscendo                      miscend
miscendumst                   miscendumst
miscere                       miscer
miscerique                    miscer
miscet                        miscet
miscetur                      miscetur
miscuere                      miscuer
miscuit                       miscuit
misera                        miser
miserabantur                  miserabantur
miserabilem                   miserabil
miserabiles                   miserabil
miserabili                    miserabil
miserabilia                   miserabil
miserabilior                  miserabilior
miserabilis                   miserabil
miserabiliter                 miserabiliter
miserae                       miser
miseram                       miser
miserandi                     miserand
miserandum                    miserand
miserant                      misera
miserantes                    miserant
miserat                       miserat
miseratio                     miserati
miseratione                   miseration
miserationis                  miseration
misere                        miser
miserebatque                  miserebat
misererentur                  misererentur
miseri                        miser
miseria                       miser
miseriaeque                   miseri
miserias                      miseri
misericordia                  misericord
misericordiae                 misericordi
misericordiaque               misericord
miseriis                      miseri
miseris                       miser
miserit                       miserit
miseriti                      miserit
miserius                      miser
misero                        miser
miserrima                     miserrim
miserrimi                     miserrim
miserrimo                     miserrim
miserum                       miser
miserunt                      miseru
misisse                       misiss
misisset                      misisset
misit                         misit
missa                         miss
missae                        miss
missam                        miss
missas                        miss
missi                         miss
missiles                      missil
missilibus                    missil
missilibusque                 missil
missionis                     mission
missique                      miss
missis                        miss
missisque                     miss
misso                         miss
missos                        miss
missum                        miss
missumque                     miss
missuros                      missur
missurum                      missur
missus                        miss
mite                          mit
mitem                         mit
mitescere                     mitescer
miti                          mit
mitigandum                    mitigand
mitigarent                    mitigare
mitigat                       mitigat
mitigata                      mitigat
mitigati                      mitigat
mitiore                       mitior
mitiorem                      mitior
mitiores                      mitior
mitis                         mit
mittant                       mitta
mittantur                     mittantur
mittat                        mittat
mittatur                      mittatur
mittebat                      mittebat
mittenda                      mittend
mittendis                     mittend
mittendos                     mittend
mittendus                     mittend
mittere                       mitter
mitterent                     mittere
mitterentur                   mitterentur
mitteret                      mitteret
mitteretur                    mitteretur
mitti                         mitt
mittit                        mittit
mittite                       mittit
mittitis                      mittit
mittitur                      mittitur
mittunt                       mittu
mittuntur                     mittuntur
mixti                         mixt
mixtis                        mixt
mixto                         mixt
mixtorum                      mixtor
mixtus                        mixt
mixtusque                     mixt
mnemosyne                     mnemosyn
mobiles                       mobil
mobilia                       mobil
mobiliorque                   mobilior
mobilissima                   mobilissim
mobilissimo                   mobilissim
mobilitate                    mobilitat
mobilitati                    mobilitat
mobiliter                     mobiliter
moderandam                    moderand
moderando                     moderand
moderante                     moderant
moderantem                    moderant
moderanturque                 moderantur
moderata                      moderat
moderate                      moderat
moderatio                     moderati
moderatione                   moderation
moderationem                  moderation
moderationis                  moderation
moderatoque                   moderat
moderatorem                   moderator
moderatoresque                moderator
moderatos                     moderat
moderatricem                  moderatric
moderatu                      moderat
moderatum                     moderat
modestia                      modest
modestiae                     modesti
modestiam                     modesti
modestior                     modestior
modi                          mod
modici                        modic
modicis                       modic
modico                        modic
modios                        modi
modis                         mod
modium                        modi
modo                          mod
modulate                      modulat
modum                         mod
modus                         mod
moenia                        moen
moeniaque                     moen
moenibus                      moen
moenibusque                   moen
mole                          mol
molem                         mol
moles                         mol
moleste                       molest
molestiam                     molesti
molesto                       molest
molestum                      molest
molestus                      molest
moliantur                     moliantur
molibus                       mol
moliendum                     moliend
molientes                     molient
molientium                    molienti
molimenti                     moliment
molimine                      molimin
moliri                        molir
molis                         mol
molitio                       moliti
molitur                       molitur
moliuntur                     moliuntur
mollem                        moll
molles                        moll
molli                         moll
mollienda                     molliend
mollire                       mollir
mollirent                     mollire
mollis                        moll
mollissimae                   mollissim
mollissume                    mollissum
molliter                      molliter
mollitiae                     molliti
mollitosque                   mollit
mollitudo                     mollitud
mollitur                      mollitur
mollius                       moll
molliusue                     molliusu
momenta                       moment
momenti                       moment
momentis                      moment
momento                       moment
momentoque                    moment
momentum                      moment
monebant                      moneba
monendo                       monend
monent                        mone
monentes                      monent
monere                        moner
moneret                       moneret
moneta                        monet
monetae                       monet
monita                        monit
moniti                        monit
monitos                       monit
monitu                        monit
monitum                       monit
monitus                       monit
monogrammos                   monogramm
mons                          mons
monstra                       monstr
monstrari                     monstrar
monstris                      monstr
monstro                       monstr
montani                       montan
montanisque                   montan
montanorum                    montanor
monte                         mont
montem                        mont
montes                        mont
montesque                     mont
montibus                      mont
montis                        mont
montium                       monti
montuosa                      montuos
monuerunt                     monueru
monuitque                     monuit
monumenta                     monument
monumentaque                  monument
monumenti                     monument
monumento                     monument
monumentoque                  monument
monumentum                    monument
mopsum                        mops
mora                          mor
morabantur                    morabantur
morabatur                     morabatur
morae                         mor
moram                         mor
morandi                       morand
morando                       morand
morante                       morant
morantibus                    morant
morarentur                    morarentur
moraretur                     moraretur
morari                        morar
morati                        morat
moratorem                     morator
moratum                       morat
moratur                       moratur
moratus                       morat
morbi                         morb
morbis                        morb
morbiue                       morbiu
morbo                         morb
morbos                        morb
morbum                        morb
mordicus                      mordic
more                          mor
morem                         mor
moremque                      mor
morentur                      morentur
morerentur                    morerentur
mores                         mor
mori                          mor
moriar                        moriar
moribunda                     moribund
moribundi                     moribund
moribundum                    moribund
moribundus                    moribund
moribus                       mor
moribusque                    mor
moriendum                     moriend
moriens                       moriens
morientum                     morient
moriere                       morier
morietur                      morietur
moris                         mor
moritur                       moritur
morituros                     moritur
moror                         moror
mors                          mors
morsu                         mors
mortale                       mortal
mortalem                      mortal
mortales                      mortal
mortali                       mortal
mortalia                      mortal
mortalibus                    mortal
mortalis                      mortal
mortalisque                   mortal
mortalitas                    mortalit
mortalium                     mortali
morte                         mort
mortem                        mort
mortemque                     mort
mortes                        mort
morti                         mort
mortifero                     mortifer
mortis                        mort
mortisque                     mort
mortua                        mortu
mortuae                       mortu
mortuam                       mortu
mortui                        mortu
mortuique                     mortu
mortuis                       mortu
mortuo                        mortu
mortuorum                     mortuor
mortuum                       mortu
mortuumque                    mortu
mortuus                       mortu
morum                         mor
mos                           mos
mota                          mot
motae                         mot
motam                         mot
motaque                       mot
moti                          mot
motibus                       mot
motione                       motion
motionibus                    motion
motique                       mot
motis                         mot
motu                          mot
motum                         mot
motuque                       mot
moturos                       motur
moturum                       motur
motus                         mot
moueamur                      moueamur
moueant                       mouea
moueantur                     moueantur
mouebant                      moueba
mouebat                       mouebat
mouebatur                     mouebatur
mouendam                      mouend
mouent                        moue
mouentes                      mouent
mouentium                     mouenti
mouerat                       mouerat
mouere                        mouer
mouerent                      mouere
moueret                       moueret
moueretur                     moueretur
moueri                        mouer
mouerit                       mouerit
mouerunt                      moueru
mouet                         mouet
mouisse                       mouiss
mouisset                      mouisset
mouit                         mouit
moveantur                     moueantur
moveat                        moueat
moveatur                      moueatur
movebat                       mouebat
movebatur                     mouebatur
movebit                       mouebit
movemur                       mouemur
movenda                       mouend
movendam                      mouend
movendis                      mouend
movent                        moue
moventur                      mouentur
moveor                        moueor
movere                        mouer
moverent                      mouere
moverentur                    mouerentur
moveret                       moueret
moveri                        mouer
moverunt                      moueru
movet                         mouet
movetur                       mouetur
movisse                       mouiss
movissent                     mouisse
movisset                      mouisset
movit                         mouit
mox                           mox
mucia                         muc
mucio                         muci
muciosque                     muci
mucium                        muci
mucius                        muc
mucrone                       mucron
mugillano                     mugillan
mugillanum                    mugillan
mugillanus                    mugillan
mugissent                     mugisse
mulcatos                      mulcat
mulcatus                      mulcat
muliebre                      muliebr
muliebrem                     muliebr
muliebres                     muliebr
muliebri                      muliebr
muliebribus                   muliebr
muliebris                     muliebr
mulier                        mulier
mulierem                      mulier
mulieres                      mulier
mulieri                       mulier
mulieribus                    mulier
mulieribusque                 mulier
mulieris                      mulier
mulierum                      mulier
mulierumque                   mulier
multa                         mult
multae                        mult
multaeque                     mult
multam                        mult
multaque                      mult
multare                       multar
multarent                     multare
multarum                      multar
multas                        mult
multati                       multat
multatis                      multat
multatos                      multat
multi                         mult
multifariam                   multifari
multiplex                     multiplex
multiplicatam                 multiplicat
multiplicate                  multiplicat
multiplicatis                 multiplicat
multiplicatum                 multiplicat
multiplicatusque              multiplicat
multiplices                   multiplic
multiplici                    multiplic
multiplicia                   multiplic
multiplicique                 multiplic
multique                      mult
multis                        mult
multisque                     mult
multitudine                   multitudin
multitudinem                  multitudin
multitudini                   multitudin
multitudinis                  multitudin
multitudo                     multitud
multo                         mult
multoque                      mult
multorum                      multor
multorumque                   multor
multos                        mult
multosque                     mult
multum                        mult
multumque                     mult
multus                        mult
mundi                         mund
mundis                        mund
mundo                         mund
mundorum                      mundor
mundos                        mund
mundum                        mund
mundumque                     mund
mundus                        mund
munera                        muner
munere                        muner
muneri                        muner
muneribus                     muner
muneris                       muner
munerum                       muner
munia                         mun
municipem                     municip
municipes                     municip
municipia                     municip
municipii                     municip
municipiis                    municipi
municipiorum                  municipior
muniebant                     munieba
muniebat                      muniebat
munienda                      muniend
muniendi                      muniend
muniendo                      muniend
muniendumque                  muniend
munientibus                   munient
munierat                      munierat
munierunt                     munieru
munifica                      munific
munifice                      munific
munificentia                  munificent
munificentiam                 munificenti
muniit                        muniit
munimenta                     muniment
munimentis                    muniment
munimento                     muniment
munimentum                    muniment
munire                        munir
munirent                      munire
muniri                        munir
munita                        munit
munitaeque                    munit
munitam                       munit
muniti                        munit
munitio                       muniti
munitione                     munition
munitionem                    munition
munitiones                    munition
munitionesque                 munition
munitionibus                  munition
munitionibusque               munition
munitionis                    munition
munitionum                    munition
munitis                       munit
munitissima                   munitissim
munitissimis                  munitissim
munito                        munit
munitorum                     munitor
munitum                       munit
munitus                       munit
muniunt                       muniu
munus                         mun
murciae                       murci
murco                         murc
muri                          mur
muribus                       mur
muris                         mur
murisque                      mur
murmur                        murmur
muro                          mur
muroque                       mur
murorum                       muror
muros                         mur
murosque                      mur
murum                         mur
murumque                      mur
murus                         mur
musa                          mus
musae                         mus
musaei                        musae
musculi                       muscul
musculo                       muscul
musculosque                   muscul
musculum                      muscul
musculus                      muscul
musicam                       music
musicus                       music
musis                         mus
mussitantes                   mussitant
mustelis                      mustel
mutabile                      mutabil
mutabilem                     mutabil
mutabiles                     mutabil
mutabilia                     mutabil
mutant                        muta
mutaret                       mutaret
mutaretur                     mutaretur
mutari                        mutar
mutarique                     mutar
mutarum                       mutar
mutassent                     mutasse
mutata                        mutat
mutatio                       mutati
mutatione                     mutation
mutationes                    mutation
mutationesque                 mutation
mutationibus                  mutation
mutatis                       mutat
mutato                        mutat
mutatum                       mutat
mutatur                       mutatur
mutaturos                     mutatur
mutatus                       mutat
mutauerant                    mutauera
mutauerat                     mutauerat
mutauit                       mutauit
mutaverat                     mutauerat
mutavit                       mutauit
mutua                         mutu
mutuam                        mutu
mutuas                        mutu
mutuasque                     mutu
mutuati                       mutuat
mutuemur                      mutuemur
mutui                         mutu
mutuis                        mutu
mutuo                         mutu
myrtili                       myrtil
mysteriis                     mysteri
mytilenas                     mytilen
n                             n
nacta                         nact
nacti                         nact
nactus                        nact
naeuia                        naeu
naevos                        naeu
naevum                        naeu
nam                           nam
namque                        nam
nancisceretur                 nancisceretur
nanciscimur                   nanciscimur
nanctumque                    nanct
nanctus                       nanct
nandi                         nand
nando                         nand
narbone                       narbon
narbonem                      narbon
nares                         nar
naribus                       nar
naribusque                    nar
narium                        nari
nariumque                     nari
narrasse                      narrass
naruram                       narur
nascantur                     nascantur
nascentibus                   nascent
nascerentur                   nascerentur
nasceretur                    nasceretur
nasci                         nasc
nascuntur                     nascuntur
nasidianae                    nasidian
nasidianis                    nasidian
nasidii                       nasid
nasidio                       nasidi
nasidium                      nasidi
nasidius                      nasid
nasusque                      nas
nata                          nat
natae                         nat
natam                         nat
natantibus                    natant
natare                        natar
nate                          nat
nati                          nat
natio                         nati
nationes                      nation
nationum                      nation
nativis                       natiu
nativos                       natiu
nato                          nat
natos                         nat
natosque                      nat
natu                          nat
natum                         nat
natura                        natur
naturae                       natur
naturale                      natural
naturalem                     natural
naturales                     natural
naturali                      natural
naturalibus                   natural
naturalis                     natural
naturaliter                   naturaliter
naturalium                    naturali
naturam                       natur
naturamque                    natur
naturaque                     natur
naturas                       natur
naturast                      naturast
naturis                       natur
natus                         nat
nauale                        naual
naualia                       naual
naualis                       naual
nauatam                       nauat
naue                          nau
naues                         nau
naufragia                     naufrag
naufragiis                    naufragi
naufragio                     naufragi
nauibus                       nau
nauis                         nau
nauium                        naui
nauius                        nau
naupacto                      naupact
nauseaque                     nause
nauseare                      nausear
nausiphane                    nausiphan
nausiphanem                   nausiphan
nautarum                      nautar
nautas                        naut
nauticarum                    nauticar
nautico                       nautic
nautio                        nauti
nautis                        naut
nautium                       nauti
nautius                       naut
nauum                         nau
navali                        naual
navalia                       naual
navalibus                     naual
navalibusque                  naual
nave                          nau
navem                         nau
navemque                      nau
naves                         nau
navesque                      nau
navi                          nau
navibus                       nau
navibusque                    nau
navicula                      nauicul
naviculam                     nauicul
navigabat                     nauigabat
navigandi                     nauigand
navigandum                    nauigand
naviganti                     nauigant
navigantibus                  nauigant
navigatio                     nauigati
navigatione                   nauigation
navigationis                  nauigation
navigia                       nauig
navigii                       nauig
navigiis                      nauigi
navigium                      nauigi
navim                         nauim
navis                         nau
navium                        naui
ne                            ne
neapoli                       neapol
nec                           nec
necari                        necar
necasse                       necass
necata                        necat
necatis                       necat
necatos                       necat
necatum                       necat
necatumque                    necat
necatur                       necatur
necauerit                     necauerit
necavere                      necauer
necdum                        necd
necem                         nec
necessaria                    necessar
necessariae                   necessari
necessariam                   necessari
necessariarum                 necessariar
necessariarun                 necessariarun
necessarias                   necessari
necessarii                    necessar
necessariis                   necessari
necessariisque                necessari
necessario                    necessari
necessarioque                 necessari
necessariorum                 necessarior
necessarios                   necessari
necessarium                   necessari
necessariumque                necessari
necessarius                   necessar
necesse                       necess
necessest                     necessest
necessinatem                  necessinat
necessitas                    necessit
necessitate                   necessitat
necessitatem                  necessitat
necessitates                  necessitat
necessitati                   necessitat
necessitatibus                necessitat
necessitatis                  necessitat
necessitudine                 necessitudin
necessitudinem                necessitudin
necessitudines                necessitudin
necessitudinibus              necessitudin
necisque                      nec
necne                         necn
necopinata                    necopinat
necopinato                    necopinat
necopinatum                   necopinat
nectar                        nectar
nectebantur                   nectebantur
nectitur                      nectitur
necubi                        necub
nedum                         ned
nefanda                       nefand
nefandisque                   nefand
nefando                       nefand
nefaria                       nefar
nefariae                      nefari
nefariam                      nefari
nefarie                       nefari
nefarieque                    nefari
nefario                       nefari
nefas                         nef
nefastos                      nefast
negabant                      negaba
negabas                       negab
negabis                       negab
negando                       negand
negandum                      negand
negant                        nega
negantem                      negant
neganti                       negant
negaram                       negar
negare                        negar
negarent                      negare
negarentur                    negarentur
negares                       negar
negaret                       negaret
negaretur                     negaretur
negari                        negar
negas                         neg
negasse                       negass
negassent                     negasse
negat                         negat
negata                        negat
negatis                       negat
negatum                       negat
negaturum                     negatur
negatus                       negat
negavit                       negauit
negemus                       negem
negent                        nege
neget                         neget
negetis                       neget
negetur                       negetur
neglecta                      neglect
neglectaque                   neglect
neglectas                     neglect
neglectique                   neglect
neglectis                     neglect
neglecto                      neglect
neglectum                     neglect
neglegant                     neglega
neglegantur                   neglegantur
neglegendo                    neglegend
neglegens                     neglegens
neglegenter                   neglegenter
neglegentia                   neglegent
neglegentiae                  neglegenti
neglegentiam                  neglegenti
neglegentiaque                neglegent
neglegentiores                neglegentior
neglegentius                  neglegent
neglegere                     negleger
neglegi                       negleg
neglegit                      neglegit
neglegunt                     neglegu
negotia                       negot
negotiabantur                 negotiabantur
negotiarentur                 negotiarentur
negotiatores                  negotiator
negotiatoribus                negotiator
negotii                       negot
negotiis                      negoti
negotio                       negoti
negotium                      negoti
neminem                       nemin
nemini                        nemin
nemo                          nem
nemore                        nemor
nempe                         nemp
nenses                        nens
neocles                       neocl
nepae                         nep
nepai                         nepa
nepam                         nep
nepesino                      nepesin
nepos                         nep
neposne                       neposn
nepote                        nepot
nepotem                       nepot
nepotesque                    nepot
nepotesue                     nepotesu
nepotibus                     nepot
nepotis                       nepot
nepotum                       nepot
neptuni                       neptun
neptuno                       neptun
neptunum                      neptun
neptunus                      neptun
nequaquam                     nequaqu
neque                         neque
nequeant                      nequea
nequeat                       nequeat
nequiit                       nequiit
nequiquam                     nequiqu
nequirent                     nequire
nequissent                    nequisse
nequisset                     nequisset
nequisti                      nequist
nequit                        nequit
nequiuerat                    nequiuerat
nequiuit                      nequiuit
nequivere                     nequiuer
nervis                        neru
nervorum                      neruor
nervorumque                   neruor
nervos                        neru
nesciebant                    nescieba
nescio                        nesci
nescire                       nescir
nescires                      nescir
nescis                        nesc
nescisse                      nesciss
nescit                        nescit
neu                           ne
neue                          neu
neuter                        neuter
neutiquam                     neutiqu
neutra                        neutr
neutri                        neutr
neutris                       neutr
neutro                        neutr
neutrum                       neutr
neve                          neu
nexa                          nex
nexi                          nex
nexis                         nex
nexos                         nex
ni                            ni
nidosque                      nid
nihil                         nihil
nihilo                        nihil
nihilum                       nihil
nil                           nil
nili                          nil
nilo                          nil
nilus                         nil
nimbi                         nimb
nimbis                        nimb
nimbo                         nimb
nimbum                        nimb
nimia                         nim
nimiae                        nimi
nimiam                        nimi
nimii                         nim
nimiis                        nimi
nimio                         nimi
nimirum                       nimir
nimis                         nim
nimium                        nimi
nisi                          nis
nisu                          nis
nisurum                       nisur
nitatur                       nitatur
nitebantur                    nitebantur
nitebatur                     nitebatur
nitens                        nitens
niti                          nit
nituntur                      nituntur
niues                         niu
niuibus                       niu
niuosa                        niuos
nive                          niu
nives                         niu
nivibus                       niu
nixa                          nix
nobile                        nobil
nobilemque                    nobil
nobiles                       nobil
nobili                        nobil
nobilior                      nobilior
nobilis                       nobil
nobilissimi                   nobilissim
nobilissimo                   nobilissim
nobilissimos                  nobilissim
nobilitas                     nobilit
nobilitasque                  nobilit
nobilitate                    nobilitat
nobilitatem                   nobilitat
nobilitatis                   nobilitat
nobilitavit                   nobilitauit
nobilium                      nobili
nobis                         nob
nobiscum                      nobisc
nobismet                      nobismet
noceant                       nocea
noceat                        noceat
noceatur                      noceatur
nocendi                       nocend
nocent                        noce
nocente                       nocent
nocentibus                    nocent
nocentium                     nocenti
nocere                        nocer
noceret                       noceret
noceri                        nocer
nocet                         nocet
nocituros                     nocitur
nociturum                     nocitur
nocte                         noct
noctem                        noct
noctemque                     noct
noctes                        noct
noctesque                     noct
nocti                         noct
noctibus                      noct
noctis                        noct
noctisque                     noct
noctiumque                    nocti
noctu                         noct
noctuque                      noct
nocturna                      nocturn
nocturnae                     nocturn
nocturnam                     nocturn
nocturnaque                   nocturn
nocturni                      nocturn
nocturnis                     nocturn
nocturnisque                  nocturn
nocturno                      nocturn
nocturnorum                   nocturnor
nocturnos                     nocturn
nocturnum                     nocturn
nocturnus                     nocturn
nocuerit                      nocuerit
nocuerunt                     nocueru
nocuisset                     nocuisset
nocuit                        nocuit
nodinum                       nodin
nodo                          nod
nodum                         nod
nolebat                       nolebat
noli                          nol
nolim                         nolim
nolit                         nolit
nolite                        nolit
nolitote                      nolitot
nolle                         noll
nollent                       nolle
nollet                        nollet
nolo                          nol
noluerant                     noluera
noluerat                      noluerat
noluerit                      noluerit
noluerunt                     nolueru
noluisse                      noluiss
noluissent                    noluisse
noluit                        noluit
nomen                         nomen
nomenque                      nomen
nomentana                     nomentan
nomento                       noment
nomentum                      noment
nomina                        nomin
nominant                      nomina
nominantur                    nominantur
nominare                      nominar
nominaretur                   nominaretur
nominari                      nominar
nominat                       nominat
nominata                      nominat
nominatae                     nominat
nominataeque                  nominat
nominatam                     nominat
nominati                      nominat
nominatim                     nominatim
nominatur                     nominatur
nominauerant                  nominauera
nominaverunt                  nominaueru
nominavi                      nominau
nomine                        nomin
nominetur                     nominetur
nomini                        nomin
nominibus                     nomin
nominique                     nomin
nominis                       nomin
nominisque                    nomin
nominum                       nomin
nomion                        nomion
non                           non
nona                          non
nonae                         non
nonam                         non
nondum                        nond
nonne                         nonn
nonnihil                      nonnihil
nonnulla                      nonnull
nonnullae                     nonnull
nonnullam                     nonnull
nonnullas                     nonnull
nonnulli                      nonnull
nonnullis                     nonnull
nonnullorum                   nonnullor
nonnullos                     nonnull
nonnumquam                    nonnumqu
norbam                        norb
norico                        noric
nos                           nos
noscere                       noscer
noscitabatur                  noscitabatur
noscitans                     noscitans
noscitare                     noscitar
noscuntur                     noscuntur
nosmet                        nosmet
nosse                         noss
nosset                        nosset
noster                        noster
nostra                        nostr
nostrae                       nostr
nostram                       nostr
nostrarum                     nostrar
nostras                       nostr
nostri                        nostr
nostrique                     nostr
nostris                       nostr
nostrisque                    nostr
nostro                        nostr
nostrorum                     nostror
nostros                       nostr
nostrosque                    nostr
nostrum                       nostr
nota                          not
notae                         not
notam                         not
notaretur                     notaretur
notarum                       notar
notasse                       notass
notata                        notat
notato                        notat
notavit                       notauit
noti                          not
notione                       notion
notionem                      notion
notionemque                   notion
notiones                      notion
notior                        notior
notiora                       notior
notiores                      notior
notis                         not
notisque                      not
notitia                       notit
notitiamque                   notiti
notos                         not
notum                         not
noua                          nou
nouae                         nou
nouam                         nou
nouandi                       nouand
nouantem                      nouant
nouarum                       nouar
nouas                         nou
nouasque                      nou
nouatum                       nouat
nouella                       nouell
nouem                         nou
nouere                        nouer
nouerit                       nouerit
noui                          nou
nouis                         nou
nouissimam                    nouissim
nouissimis                    nouissim
nouissimos                    nouissim
nouissimum                    nouissim
nouitatem                     nouitat
nouo                          nou
nouos                         nou
nouosque                      nou
nouum                         nou
nouus                         nou
nova                          nou
novacula                      nouacul
novae                         nou
novam                         nou
novanti                       nouant
novarum                       nouar
novas                         nou
novasque                      nou
novat                         nouat
novem                         nou
novendiale                    nouendial
novercae                      nouerc
noverit                       nouerit
novi                          nou
novimus                       nouim
novis                         nou
novisque                      nou
novissimi                     nouissim
novissimos                    nouissim
novissimum                    nouissim
novissirnum                   nouissirn
novistis                      nouist
novit                         nouit
novitas                       nouit
novitate                      nouitat
novo                          nou
novorum                       nouor
novos                         nou
novum                         nou
novus                         nou
nox                           nox
noxae                         nox
noxam                         nox
noxia                         nox
noxiae                        noxi
noxii                         nox
noxiis                        noxi
noxque                        nox
nube                          nub
nuberet                       nuberet
nubes                         nub
nubibus                       nub
nubium                        nubi
nuda                          nud
nudanda                       nudand
nudari                        nudar
nudata                        nudat
nudatos                       nudat
nudatusque                    nudat
nudi                          nud
nudique                       nud
nudius                        nud
nudos                         nud
nudosque                      nud
nudum                         nud
nugatoria                     nugator
nulla                         null
nulladum                      nullad
nullae                        null
nullam                        null
nullamque                     null
nullane                       nullan
nullas                        null
nulli                         null
nullis                        null
nullius                       null
nullo                         null
nullodum                      nullod
nullos                        null
nullum                        null
nullus                        null
num                           num
numa                          num
numae                         num
numam                         num
numen                         numen
numerabant                    numeraba
numeramus                     numeram
numeranda                     numerand
numerandi                     numerand
numerant                      numera
numerare                      numerar
numerares                     numerar
numeras                       numer
numerata                      numerat
numeremus                     numerem
numerentur                    numerentur
numeres                       numer
numeretur                     numeretur
numeri                        numer
numeris                       numer
numero                        numer
numeroque                     numer
numeros                       numer
numerose                      numeros
numerum                       numer
numerumque                    numer
numerus                       numer
numicius                      numic
numicum                       numic
numidae                       numid
numidarum                     numidar
numine                        numin
numini                        numin
numinis                       numin
numitor                       numitor
numitorem                     numitor
numitori                      numitor
numitorio                     numitori
numitorioque                  numitori
numitoris                     numitor
numitorium                    numitori
numitorius                    numitor
numitoriusque                 numitor
numne                         numn
numquam                       numqu
numquidnam                    numquidn
nunc                          nunc
nuncupabant                   nuncupaba
nuncupat                      nuncupat
nuncupatas                    nuncupat
nuncupatis                    nuncupat
nuncupaverit                  nuncupauerit
nuncupavit                    nuncupauit
nundinum                      nundin
nunquam                       nunqu
nunquamne                     nunquamn
nuntia                        nunt
nuntiabant                    nuntiaba
nuntiabantur                  nuntiabantur
nuntiabatur                   nuntiabatur
nuntiabuntur                  nuntiabuntur
nuntiam                       nunti
nuntiando                     nuntiand
nuntiant                      nuntia
nuntiantes                    nuntiant
nuntianti                     nuntiant
nuntiantibus                  nuntiant
nuntiantur                    nuntiantur
nuntiarant                    nuntiara
nuntiare                      nuntiar
nuntiaret                     nuntiaret
nuntiaretur                   nuntiaretur
nuntiari                      nuntiar
nuntiarique                   nuntiar
nuntiat                       nuntiat
nuntiata                      nuntiat
nuntiate                      nuntiat
nuntiatis                     nuntiat
nuntiato                      nuntiat
nuntiatum                     nuntiat
nuntiatumque                  nuntiat
nuntiatur                     nuntiatur
nuntiauerunt                  nuntiaueru
nuntiauit                     nuntiauit
nuntiavere                    nuntiauer
nuntiaverunt                  nuntiaueru
nuntiavisse                   nuntiauiss
nuntiavisset                  nuntiauisset
nuntiet                       nuntiet
nuntii                        nunt
nuntiis                       nunti
nuntiisque                    nunti
nuntio                        nunti
nuntios                       nunti
nuntiosque                    nunti
nuntium                       nunti
nuntius                       nunt
nuper                         nuper
nupserant                     nupsera
nupsisse                      nupsiss
nupsit                        nupsit
nupta                         nupt
nuptam                        nupt
nuptamque                     nupt
nuptiae                       nupti
nuptialem                     nuptial
nuptiarum                     nuptiar
nuptias                       nupti
nuptiis                       nupti
nuptum                        nupt
nurum                         nur
nurus                         nur
nusquam                       nusqu
nutant                        nuta
nutare                        nutar
nutibus                       nut
nutriamus                     nutriam
nutricatur                    nutricatur
nutricem                      nutric
nutricis                      nutric
nutricius                     nutric
nutriendo                     nutriend
nutriendorum                  nutriendor
nutu                          nut
nutum                         nut
nymphae                       nymph
nymphaeum                     nymphae
nysam                         nys
nyso                          nys
o                             o
ob                            ob
obduci                        obduc
obducta                       obduct
obductas                      obduct
obductus                      obduct
obducunturque                 obducuntur
obequitando                   obequitand
obequitans                    obequitans
obesse                        obess
obest                         obest
obeunda                       obeund
obeundo                       obeund
obiacentia                    obiacent
obibant                       obiba
obibat                        obibat
obicere                       obicer
obicerent                     obicere
obicerentur                   obicerentur
obici                         obic
obiciat                       obiciat
obicibus                      obic
obiciebant                    obicieba
obiciebantur                  obiciebantur
obiciendo                     obiciend
obiciens                      obiciens
obicitur                      obicitur
obiciunt                      obiciu
obiecerat                     obiecerat
obiecere                      obiecer
obiecissent                   obiecisse
obiecisset                    obiecisset
obiecit                       obiecit
obiecta                       obiect
obiectae                      obiect
obiectam                      obiect
obiectaque                    obiect
obiectarent                   obiectare
obiectas                      obiect
obiectationibus               obiectation
obiecti                       obiect
obiectis                      obiect
obiecto                       obiect
obiectu                       obiect
obiectum                      obiect
obiectus                      obiect
obiit                         obiit
obirati                       obirat
obire                         obir
obitu                         obit
obituros                      obitur
obiturumque                   obitur
obitus                        obit
obiurgante                    obiurgant
obiurgantium                  obiurganti
obiurgatores                  obiurgator
oblata                        oblat
oblatam                       oblat
oblati                        oblat
oblato                        oblat
oblatum                       oblat
oblatus                       oblat
oblectatio                    oblectati
oblectationem                 oblectation
oblectationis                 oblectation
obligarunt                    obligaru
obligati                      obligat
obligatos                     obligat
obligauerit                   obligauerit
obligavisse                   obligauiss
oblimatos                     oblimat
obliquis                      obliqu
obliquo                       obliqu
oblita                        oblit
oblitae                       oblit
oblitaque                     oblit
obliti                        oblit
oblitterata                   oblitterat
oblitteratam                  oblitterat
oblitum                       oblit
oblitus                       oblit
obliuio                       obliui
obliuionem                    obliuion
obliuioni                     obliuion
obliuiscamini                 obliuiscamin
obliuisci                     obliuisc
obloqui                       obloqu
obnoxie                       obnoxi
obnoxios                      obnoxi
obnoxius                      obnox
obnube                        obnub
obnubito                      obnubit
oboediant                     oboedia
oboediens                     oboediens
oboedientem                   oboedient
oboedienter                   oboedienter
oboedientium                  oboedienti
oboedire                      oboedir
oboeditum                     oboedit
oborta                        obort
obortae                       obort
obprimuntur                   obprimuntur
obriguerit                    obriguerit
obruatur                      obruatur
obruentibus                   obruent
obruere                       obruer
obrutam                       obrut
obruti                        obrut
obrutum                       obrut
obsaeptam                     obsaept
obsaeptum                     obsaept
obscenis                      obscen
obscenius                     obscen
obscura                       obscur
obscuram                      obscur
obscurat                      obscurat
obscuratis                    obscurat
obscuravisse                  obscurauiss
obscure                       obscur
obscurior                     obscurior
obscuris                      obscur
obscurius                     obscur
obsecrant                     obsecra
obsecrante                    obsecrant
obsecrare                     obsecrar
obsecrat                      obsecrat
obsecrati                     obsecrat
obsecratio                    obsecrati
obsecrationes                 obsecration
obsecret                      obsecret
obsecro                       obsecr
obsecundando                  obsecundand
obsederant                    obsedera
obsedissent                   obsedisse
obsequio                      obsequi
obseratis                     obserat
obseruando                    obseruand
obseruantia                   obseruant
obseruari                     obseruar
obseruatum                    obseruat
obseruaturos                  obseruatur
obseruet                      obseruet
observant                     obserua
obses                         obs
obsessa                       obsess
obsessae                      obsess
obsessam                      obsess
obsessaque                    obsess
obsessi                       obsess
obsessionemque                obsession
obsessis                      obsess
obsesso                       obsess
obsessos                      obsess
obsessum                      obsess
obsessus                      obsess
obsidebantur                  obsidebantur
obsidebatur                   obsidebatur
obsidem                       obsid
obsidendam                    obsidend
obsidendi                     obsidend
obsidendis                    obsidend
obsidendos                    obsidend
obsidentem                    obsident
obsidentibus                  obsident
obsidentur                    obsidentur
obsidere                      obsider
obsiderent                    obsidere
obsiderentur                  obsiderentur
obsideri                      obsider
obsides                       obsid
obsidesque                    obsid
obsidetur                     obsidetur
obsidibus                     obsid
obsidio                       obsidi
obsidione                     obsidion
obsidionem                    obsidion
obsidionis                    obsidion
obsidis                       obsid
obsidum                       obsid
obsignatae                    obsignat
obsistens                     obsistens
obsistere                     obsister
obsisti                       obsist
obsistis                      obsist
obsita                        obsit
obsoleta                      obsolet
obstabat                      obstabat
obstabunt                     obstabu
obstant                       obsta
obstare                       obstar
obstaret                      obstaret
obstat                        obstat
obstinatam                    obstinat
obstinatior                   obstinatior
obstinatis                    obstinat
obstinato                     obstinat
obstinatum                    obstinat
obstinatus                    obstinat
obstitissent                  obstitisse
obstitit                      obstitit
obstrepere                    obstreper
obstrepitur                   obstrepitur
obstrictum                    obstrict
obstrictus                    obstrict
obstringere                   obstringer
obstringi                     obstring
obstructis                    obstruct
obstruebatur                  obstruebatur
obstruit                      obstruit
obstruxerat                   obstruxerat
obstupefacti                  obstupefact
obstupefactos                 obstupefact
obstupefecit                  obstupefecit
obtectus                      obtect
obtegerent                    obtegere
obtemperabat                  obtemperabat
obtemperare                   obtemperar
obtemperaturum                obtemperatur
obtemperavit                  obtemperauit
obtentu                       obtent
obtestabatur                  obtestabatur
obtestans                     obtestans
obtestansque                  obtestans
obtexit                       obtexit
obtineat                      obtineat
obtinebant                    obtineba
obtinebat                     obtinebat
obtinenda                     obtinend
obtinendam                    obtinend
obtinendine                   obtinendin
obtinendos                    obtinend
obtinendum                    obtinend
obtinens                      obtinens
obtinentes                    obtinent
obtinere                      obtiner
obtinerent                    obtinere
obtineret                     obtineret
obtineri                      obtiner
obtinuerat                    obtinuerat
obtinuere                     obtinuer
obtinuisse                    obtinuiss
obtinuisset                   obtinuisset
obtinuit                      obtinuit
obtrectatione                 obtrectation
obtrisset                     obtrisset
obtruncant                    obtrunca
obtruncantur                  obtruncantur
obtruncat                     obtruncat
obtruncatique                 obtruncat
obtulerant                    obtulera
obtulerat                     obtulerat
obtulissent                   obtulisse
obtundam                      obtund
obtunsus                      obtuns
obtusius                      obtus
obuersari                     obuersar
obuersata                     obuersat
obuersati                     obuersat
obuersatum                    obuersat
obuersatur                    obuersatur
obuersis                      obuers
obuia                         obu
obuiae                        obui
obuiam                        obui
obuii                         obu
obuiis                        obui
obuium                        obui
obuius                        obu
obuolutis                     obuolut
obuoluto                      obuolut
obvenit                       obuenit
obvia                         obu
obviam                        obui
occaecat                      occaecat
occaecatos                    occaecat
occasio                       occasi
occasione                     occasion
occasionem                    occasion
occasiones                    occasion
occasioni                     occasion
occasu                        occas
occasum                       occas
occasune                      occasun
occasus                       occas
occepere                      occeper
occeperunt                    occeperu
occepit                       occepit
occidens                      occidens
occidentem                    occident
occidentes                    occident
occidentis                    occident
occidentisque                 occident
occidere                      occider
occideret                     occideret
occiderit                     occiderit
occiderunt                    occideru
occidi                        occid
occidimus                     occidim
occidione                     occidion
occidissent                   occidisse
occidit                       occidit
occidunt                      occidu
occiperent                    occipere
occiperet                     occiperet
occipiunt                     occipiu
occisa                        occis
occisi                        occis
occisis                       occis
occiso                        occis
occisos                       occis
occisum                       occis
occubuisse                    occubuiss
occubuisset                   occubuisset
occubuit                      occubuit
occulta                       occult
occultae                      occult
occultantur                   occultantur
occultaret                    occultaret
occultari                     occultar
occultas                      occult
occultatione                  occultation
occulte                       occult
occulti                       occult
occultior                     occultior
occultis                      occult
occultisque                   occult
occultissime                  occultissim
occultius                     occult
occulto                       occult
occultos                      occult
occultum                      occult
occultumque                   occult
occupabant                    occupaba
occupabat                     occupabat
occupandam                    occupand
occupandi                     occupand
occupandis                    occupand
occupandum                    occupand
occupant                      occupa
occupantur                    occupantur
occupare                      occupar
occuparent                    occupare
occuparet                     occuparet
occupari                      occupar
occupasse                     occupass
occupat                       occupat
occupata                      occupat
occupatae                     occupat
occupatam                     occupat
occupati                      occupat
occupatione                   occupation
occupationes                  occupation
occupationibus                occupation
occupatis                     occupat
occupato                      occupat
occupatos                     occupat
occupatum                     occupat
occupatur                     occupatur
occupaturus                   occupatur
occupatus                     occupat
occupauerant                  occupauera
occupauerat                   occupauerat
occupauere                    occupauer
occupaverant                  occupauera
occupaverat                   occupauerat
occupaverit                   occupauerit
occupavissent                 occupauisse
occupavisset                  occupauisset
occupavit                     occupauit
occurrat                      occurrat
occurrebant                   occurreba
occurrebat                    occurrebat
occurrendum                   occurrend
occurrerat                    occurrerat
occurrere                     occurrer
occurrerent                   occurrere
occurrerit                    occurrerit
occurrerunt                   occurreru
occurrissent                  occurrisse
occurrit                      occurrit
occursant                     occursa
occursu                       occurs
occursum                      occurs
oceani                        ocean
oceanique                     ocean
oceano                        ocean
oceanum                       ocean
ocreae                        ocre
octauio                       octaui
octauium                      octaui
octauo                        octau
octauum                       octau
octavam                       octau
octavamque                    octau
octavi                        octau
octaviano                     octauian
octavianos                    octauian
octavii                       octau
octavio                       octaui
octavis                       octau
octavium                      octaui
octavius                      octau
octavo                        octau
octiens                       octiens
octingenti                    octingent
octingentos                   octingent
octiplicatoque                octiplicat
octo                          oct
octobribus                    octobr
octogensimum                  octogensim
octogesam                     octoges
octogesimum                   octogesim
octoginta                     octogint
octoiuges                     octoiug
oculi                         ocul
oculis                        ocul
oculo                         ocul
oculorum                      oculor
oculos                        ocul
oderant                       odera
oderint                       oderi
oderunt                       oderu
odia                          od
odio                          odi
odioque                       odi
odisse                        odiss
odisset                       odisset
odium                         odi
odor                          odor
odoratus                      odorat
odore                         odor
odores                        odor
odoris                        odor
oetaeo                        oetae
offecere                      offecer
offecisset                    offecisset
offendat                      offendat
offenderet                    offenderet
offenderunt                   offenderu
offendi                       offend
offendissent                  offendisse
offendisset                   offendisset
offendit                      offendit
offenditis                    offendit
offensione                    offension
offensionem                   offension
offensiones                   offension
offensionis                   offension
offensos                      offens
offensum                      offens
offensurum                    offensur
offensus                      offens
offerendum                    offerend
offerentes                    offerent
offerre                       offerr
offerrent                     offerre
offerrentur                   offerrentur
offerri                       offerr
offert                        offert
officere                      officer
officeret                     officeret
officia                       offic
officiens                     officiens
officientque                  officie
officii                       offic
officiis                      offici
officinas                     officin
officio                       offici
officiorum                    officior
officium                      offici
offuerunt                     offueru
offunderet                    offunderet
offusa                        offus
olet                          olet
olim                          olim
oliva                         oliu
olivae                        oliu
oliveta                       oliuet
olivetisque                   oliuet
olninione                     olninion
olympiadis                    olympiad
olympiae                      olympi
olympii                       olymp
olympius                      olymp
omen                          omen
ominari                       ominar
omisit                        omisit
omissa                        omiss
omissam                       omiss
omissamque                    omiss
omissis                       omiss
omisso                        omiss
omissum                       omiss
omittam                       omitt
omittamus                     omittam
omitti                        omitt
omittit                       omittit
omitto                        omitt
omittunt                      omittu
omne                          omn
omnem                         omn
omnemque                      omn
omnes                         omn
omnesne                       omnesn
omnesque                      omn
omni                          omn
omnia                         omn
omniaque                      omn
omnibus                       omn
omnibusque                    omn
omnina                        omnin
omnino                        omnin
omnique                       omn
omnis                         omn
omnisque                      omn
omnium                        omni
omniumque                     omni
onera                         oner
onerare                       onerar
onerarent                     onerare
onerariam                     onerari
onerariarum                   onerariar
onerarias                     onerari
onerariis                     onerari
oneratam                      onerat
oneratas                      onerat
onerati                       onerat
oneratum                      onerat
oneraturos                    oneratur
onere                         oner
oneri                         oner
onfutata                      onfutat
onus                          on
onustam                       onust
onustarum                     onustar
onustos                       onust
onustus                       onust
oocasum                       oocas
opaca                         opac
opacasset                     opacasset
opacet                        opacet
opaco                         opac
opas                          op
ope                           op
opem                          op
opera                         oper
operae                        oper
operam                        oper
operatum                      operat
operculo                      opercul
opere                         oper
operi                         oper
operibus                      oper
operis                        oper
operosa                       operos
operosam                      operos
operoso                       operos
operuit                       operuit
operum                        oper
opes                          op
ophiuchum                     ophiuch
opibus                        op
opifex                        opifex
opificem                      opific
opifices                      opific
opificum                      opific
opima                         opim
opimi                         opim
opimis                        opim
opimius                       opim
opimum                        opim
opinio                        opini
opinione                      opinion
opinionem                     opinion
opinionemque                  opinion
opinionen                     opinionen
opiniones                     opinion
opinionibus                   opinion
opinionis                     opinion
opinor                        opinor
opis                          op
opiter                        opiter
oporteat                      oporteat
oportere                      oporter
oporteret                     oporteret
oporteretne                   oporteretn
oportet                       oportet
oportuit                      oportuit
oportune                      oportun
oportunitas                   oportunit
oportunitates                 oportunitat
oportunitatumque              oportunitat
opperiebantur                 opperiebantur
opperiretur                   opperiretur
opperiri                      opperir
oppia                         opp
oppida                        oppid
oppidani                      oppidan
oppidanis                     oppidan
oppidanorum                   oppidanor
oppidanos                     oppidan
oppidi                        oppid
oppidis                       oppid
oppido                        oppid
oppidoque                     oppid
oppidum                       oppid
oppidumque                    oppid
oppio                         oppi
oppique                       opp
oppium                        oppi
oppius                        opp
oppletamque                   opplet
oppletis                      opplet
opponant                      oppona
opponerent                    opponere
opponeret                     opponeret
opponitur                     opponitur
opponunt                      opponu
opporteret                    opporteret
opportuna                     opportun
opportunam                    opportun
opportune                     opportun
opportuniora                  opportunior
opportuniores                 opportunior
opportunissime                opportunissim
opportunitate                 opportunitat
opportunitatem                opportunitat
opportunitates                opportunitat
opportuno                     opportun
opportunos                    opportun
opportunum                    opportun
opportunus                    opportun
opposita                      opposit
oppositae                     opposit
oppositis                     opposit
opposito                      opposit
oppositum                     opposit
oppositus                     opposit
opposuere                     opposuer
opposuit                      opposuit
oppressa                      oppress
oppressae                     oppress
oppresserat                   oppresserat
oppressere                    oppresser
oppressi                      oppress
oppressis                     oppress
oppressisset                  oppressisset
oppressit                     oppressit
oppresso                      oppress
oppressos                     oppress
oppressum                     oppress
opprimendi                    opprimend
opprimendos                   opprimend
opprimere                     opprimer
opprimerentur                 opprimerentur
opprimeret                    opprimeret
opprimeretur                  opprimeretur
opprimi                       opprim
oppugnabant                   oppugnaba
oppugnabantur                 oppugnabantur
oppugnabat                    oppugnabat
oppugnanda                    oppugnand
oppugnandae                   oppugnand
oppugnandam                   oppugnand
oppugnandarum                 oppugnandar
oppugnandi                    oppugnand
oppugnandos                   oppugnand
oppugnandum                   oppugnand
oppugnant                     oppugna
oppugnantium                  oppugnanti
oppugnare                     oppugnar
oppugnarent                   oppugnare
oppugnaretur                  oppugnaretur
oppugnari                     oppugnar
oppugnarunt                   oppugnaru
oppugnata                     oppugnat
oppugnatae                    oppugnat
oppugnatas                    oppugnat
oppugnatio                    oppugnati
oppugnatione                  oppugnation
oppugnationem                 oppugnation
oppugnationibus               oppugnation
oppugnationis                 oppugnation
oppugnatum                    oppugnat
oppugnaturos                  oppugnatur
oppugnauerint                 oppugnaueri
oppugnent                     oppugne
oppugnentur                   oppugnentur
oppuguatione                  oppuguation
opscurum                      opscur
opstipum                      opstip
optabitis                     optabit
optandae                      optand
optandi                       optand
optandus                      optand
optat                         optat
optatis                       optat
optatius                      optat
optatum                       optat
optima                        optim
optimae                       optim
optimam                       optim
optimates                     optimat
optimatium                    optimati
optime                        optim
optimeque                     optim
optimi                        optim
optimis                       optim
optimo                        optim
optimos                       optim
optimum                       optim
optimus                       optim
optinebat                     optinebat
optinebunt                    optinebu
optinent                      optine
optinet                       optinet
optinuit                      optinuit
opto                          opt
optruncat                     optruncat
optuma                        optum
optumam                       optum
optumates                     optumat
optumatium                    optumati
optume                        optum
optumo                        optum
optumum                       optum
optumus                       optum
optutus                       optut
opulenta                      opulent
opulentae                     opulent
opulentam                     opulent
opulentis                     opulent
opulentissima                 opulentissim
opulentissimae                opulentissim
opulentissimam                opulentissim
opulentissumae                opulentissum
opulentius                    opulent
opulento                      opulent
opulentos                     opulent
opulentum                     opulent
opulentumque                  opulent
opus                          op
ora                           or
orabant                       oraba
orabat                        orabat
orabatque                     orabat
oracla                        oracl
oraclis                       oracl
oraculi                       oracul
oraculis                      oracul
oraculo                       oracul
oraculum                      oracul
orae                          or
oram                          or
oramus                        oram
orandam                       orand
orans                         orans
orant                         ora
orantes                       orant
orantibus                     orant
orantis                       orant
oraque                        or
orare                         orar
orarent                       orare
orarum                        orar
orasset                       orasset
orat                          orat
oratio                        orati
oratione                      oration
orationem                     oration
orationeque                   oration
orationes                     oration
orationi                      oration
orationibus                   oration
orationis                     oration
oratiuncula                   oratiuncul
oratorem                      orator
oratores                      orator
oratoresque                   orator
orba                          orb
orbae                         orb
orbam                         orb
orbasque                      orb
orbatus                       orbat
orbe                          orb
orbem                         orb
orbi                          orb
orbis                         orb
orbitate                      orbitat
orbitatis                     orbitat
orbium                        orbi
orbonae                       orbon
orbos                         orb
orbum                         orb
orchomenum                    orchomen
orcus                         orc
ordinatim                     ordinatim
ordinatis                     ordinat
ordine                        ordin
ordinem                       ordin
ordines                       ordin
ordinesque                    ordin
ordini                        ordin
ordinibus                     ordin
ordinis                       ordin
ordinum                       ordin
ordinumque                    ordin
ordiri                        ordir
orditur                       orditur
ordo                          ord
ore                           or
orent                         ore
oreretur                      oreretur
oriantur                      oriantur
oriatur                       oriatur
orici                         oric
orico                         oric
oricoque                      oric
oricum                        oric
oricumque                     oric
oriens                        oriens
oriente                       orient
orientem                      orient
orientis                      orient
origine                       origin
originem                      origin
origini                       origin
originis                      origin
originisque                   origin
origo                         orig
orionem                       orion
oriretur                      oriretur
oriri                         orir
oris                          or
oritur                        oritur
oriundi                       oriund
oriundos                      oriund
oriundum                      oriund
oriundus                      oriund
oriuntur                      oriuntur
ormav                         orma
ornamenta                     ornament
ornans                        ornans
ornarat                       ornarat
ornare                        ornar
ornata                        ornat
ornate                        ornat
ornatissimum                  ornatissim
ornatius                      ornat
ornato                        ornat
ornatu                        ornat
ornatum                       ornat
ornatus                       ornat
ornatusque                    ornat
oro                           or
orphei                        orphe
orpheum                       orphe
orpheus                       orphe
orphica                       orphic
orphicum                      orphic
orsi                          ors
orsum                         ors
orsus                         ors
orta                          ort
ortae                         ort
ortam                         ort
ortas                         ort
orti                          ort
orto                          ort
ortonam                       orton
ortonaque                     orton
ortu                          ort
ortum                         ort
ortumque                      ort
ortus                         ort
os                            os
oscenses                      oscens
oscensibus                    oscens
oscines                       oscin
oscitans                      oscitans
osculo                        oscul
osculum                       oscul
ossibus                       oss
ostendebatur                  ostendebatur
ostendens                     ostendens
ostendente                    ostendent
ostenderat                    ostenderat
ostendere                     ostender
ostenderent                   ostendere
ostenderentque                ostendere
ostenderes                    ostender
ostenderet                    ostenderet
ostenderunt                   ostenderu
ostendi                       ostend
ostendique                    ostend
ostendisse                    ostendiss
ostendissent                  ostendisse
ostendisset                   ostendisset
ostendit                      ostendit
ostendite                     ostendit
ostenditur                    ostenditur
ostendunt                     ostendu
ostenduntur                   ostenduntur
ostenta                       ostent
ostentabat                    ostentabat
ostentans                     ostentans
ostentant                     ostenta
ostentantem                   ostentant
ostentantes                   ostentant
ostentantia                   ostentant
ostentare                     ostentar
ostentaret                    ostentaret
ostentaretur                  ostentaretur
ostentari                     ostentar
ostentata                     ostentat
ostentatae                    ostentat
ostentati                     ostentat
ostentatia                    ostentat
ostentationem                 ostentation
ostentationis                 ostentation
ostentator                    ostentator
ostentauerant                 ostentauera
ostentauere                   ostentauer
ostentavit                    ostentauit
ostentis                      ostent
ostia                         ost
ostiam                        osti
ostiaria                      ostiar
ostium                        osti
otacilio                      otacili
otacilius                     otacil
otii                          ot
otio                          oti
otioque                       oti
otiose                        otios
otiosi                        otios
otiosorum                     otiosor
otiosos                       otios
otiosum                       otios
otium                         oti
otiumque                      oti
ouans                         ouans
ouantem                       ouant
ouantemque                    ouant
ouantes                       ouant
ova                           ou
oves                          ou
p                             p
pabulabantur                  pabulabantur
pabulabatur                   pabulabatur
pabulandi                     pabuland
pabulandique                  pabuland
pabulari                      pabular
pabulatione                   pabulation
pabulatores                   pabulator
pabulatoribus                 pabulator
pabulatum                     pabulat
pabuli                        pabul
pabulo                        pabul
pabuloque                     pabul
pabulum                       pabul
pabulumque                    pabul
pacandas                      pacand
pacare                        pacar
pacata                        pacat
pacatae                       pacat
pacatam                       pacat
pacati                        pacat
pacato                        pacat
pacatos                       pacat
pacatum                       pacat
pacaturam                     pacatur
pacaverat                     pacauerat
pacaverint                    pacaueri
pacavissent                   pacauisse
pace                          pac
pacem                         pac
pacemque                      pac
paci                          pac
pacificatum                   pacificat
pacis                         pac
paciscerentur                 paciscerentur
pacisque                      pac
pacta                         pact
pactae                        pact
pactione                      paction
pactionem                     paction
pactiones                     paction
pacto                         pact
pactos                        pact
pactus                        pact
paculo                        pacul
paculus                       pacul
pacuvium                      pacuui
pacuvius                      pacuu
pado                          pad
padum                         pad
paelignis                     paelign
paene                         paen
paeniteat                     paeniteat
paenitebat                    paenitebat
paenitebit                    paenitebit
paenitendo                    paenitend
paenitere                     paeniter
paeniteret                    paeniteret
paenitet                      paenitet
paenituit                     paenituit
paetulos                      paetul
pago                          pag
pagoque                       pag
palae                         pal
palaemonem                    palaemon
palaeste                      palaest
palam                         pal
palamque                      pal
palantes                      palant
palantur                      palantur
palati                        palat
palatinum                     palatin
palatio                       palati
palatique                     palat
palatium                      palati
palato                        palat
palatos                       palat
palatum                       palat
pallanteo                     pallante
pallantis                     pallant
pallantium                    pallanti
pallium                       palli
pallore                       pallor
pallori                       pallor
palma                         palm
palmaris                      palmar
palmarum                      palmar
palmis                        palm
palpebrae                     palpebr
palpebraeque                  palpebr
palpitaret                    palpitaret
paludamento                   paludament
paludatique                   paludat
paludatus                     paludat
palude                        palud
paludem                       palud
paludes                       palud
paludesque                    palud
paludibus                     palud
palum                         pal
palustria                     palustr
pamphilum                     pamphil
pana                          pan
panaetium                     panaeti
pandere                       pander
pandunt                       pandu
panduntur                     panduntur
panes                         pan
panico                        panic
panis                         pan
panisci                       panisc
pantheras                     panther
papauerum                     papauer
paphlagonia                   paphlagon
papirio                       papiri
papirium                      papiri
papirius                      papir
papius                        pap
par                           par
parabant                      paraba
parabantur                    parabantur
parabat                       parabat
parabatur                     parabatur
parando                       parand
parandum                      parand
parant                        para
parantem                      parant
parantur                      parantur
parare                        parar
pararent                      parare
pararet                       pararet
parari                        parar
paras                         par
parat                         parat
parata                        parat
paratam                       parat
paratas                       parat
parati                        parat
paratiores                    paratior
paratique                     parat
paratis                       parat
paratissimos                  paratissim
paratos                       parat
paratosque                    parat
paratum                       parat
paratus                       parat
paraverant                    parauera
parcae                        parc
parcat                        parcat
parcendo                      parcend
parcere                       parcer
parcerent                     parcere
parceret                      parceret
parci                         parc
parcitur                      parcitur
parco                         parc
pareat                        pareat
pareatur                      pareatur
parem                         par
paremus                       parem
parendi                       parend
parendum                      parend
parens                        parens
parent                        pare
parente                       parent
parentem                      parent
parentemque                   parent
parentes                      parent
parentibus                    parent
parentis                      parent
parentisque                   parent
parentium                     parenti
parentum                      parent
parere                        parer
parerent                      parere
pareret                       pareret
pares                         par
paretur                       paretur
pari                          par
paria                         par
pariat                        pariat
paribus                       par
paribusque                    par
paridis                       parid
pariebant                     parieba
pariendi                      pariend
pariendo                      pariend
pariendum                     pariend
parietes                      pariet
parietesque                   pariet
parietibus                    pariet
parietum                      pariet
parique                       par
pariter                       pariter
pariterque                    pariter
parma                         parm
parmam                        parm
parmas                        parm
parmata                       parmat
parmatis                      parmat
parmenides                    parmenid
parmis                        parm
parricidam                    parricid
parricidia                    parricid
parricidio                    parricidi
pars                          pars
parta                         part
partae                        part
partam                        part
parte                         part
partem                        part
partemque                     part
partes                        part
parthici                      parthic
parthinisque                  parthin
parthinorum                   parthinor
parthinos                     parthin
parthis                       parth
parthos                       parth
parti                         part
partibus                      part
particeps                     particeps
participando                  participand
participare                   participar
participem                    particip
participes                    particip
partim                        partim
partiri                       partir
partis                        part
partita                       partit
partitae                      partit
partiti                       partit
partitio                      partiti
partitione                    partition
partito                       partit
partitur                      partitur
partiturum                    partitur
partium                       parti
partiuntur                    partiuntur
parto                         part
partu                         part
partum                        part
partus                        part
parua                         paru
paruam                        paru
paruaque                      paru
paruas                        paru
paruere                       paruer
paruerunt                     parueru
parui                         paru
paruis                        paru
paruisque                     paru
paruisse                      paruiss
paruissent                    paruisse
paruisset                     paruisset
parum                         par
parumne                       parumn
parumper                      parumper
parumque                      par
paruo                         paru
paruos                        paru
paruum                        paru
paruumque                     paru
parva                         paru
parvae                        paru
parvam                        paru
parvamque                     paru
parvi                         paru
parvis                        paru
parvo                         paru
parvoque                      paru
parvulae                      paruul
parvulam                      paruul
parvum                        paru
parvumque                     paru
parvus                        paru
pascerentur                   pascerentur
pasceret                      pasceret
pasiphae                      pasiph
passa                         pass
passi                         pass
passibus                      pass
passim                        passim
passimque                     passim
passis                        pass
passisque                     pass
passos                        pass
passum                        pass
passuri                       passur
passurine                     passurin
passuros                      passur
passurum                      passur
passurus                      passur
passus                        pass
passuum                       passu
pastor                        pastor
pastores                      pastor
pastoresque                   pastor
pastoribus                    pastor
pastoribusque                 pastor
pastorum                      pastor
pastorumque                   pastor
pastu                         past
pastum                        past
pastus                        past
patebat                       patebat
patefacere                    patefacer
patefacta                     patefact
patefactis                    patefact
patefactisque                 patefact
patefactus                    patefact
patefecissent                 patefecisse
patefecit                     patefecit
patent                        pate
patente                       patent
patentem                      patent
patentes                      patent
patentibus                    patent
pater                         pater
pateras                       pater
patere                        pater
paterent                      patere
paterentur                    paterentur
pateret                       pateret
pateretur                     pateretur
paternae                      patern
paternarum                    paternar
paterni                       patern
paternis                      patern
paterno                       patern
paternum                      patern
paternumque                   patern
paterque                      pater
patet                         patet
pati                          pat
patiantur                     patiantur
patiar                        patiar
patiatur                      patiatur
patibilem                     patibil
patiebantur                   patiebantur
patiebatur                    patiebatur
patiemur                      patiemur
patienda                      patiend
patiendi                      patiend
patiendo                      patiend
patiens                       patiens
patiente                      patient
patienter                     patienter
patientia                     patient
patientiam                    patienti
patientibus                   patient
patientissimo                 patientissim
patior                        patior
patitur                       patitur
patiuntur                     patiuntur
patrandum                     patrand
patrate                       patrat
patrato                       patrat
patratum                      patrat
patratus                      patrat
patre                         patr
patrem                        patr
patremque                     patr
patres                        patr
patresque                     patr
patri                         patr
patria                        patr
patriae                       patri
patriaeque                    patri
patriam                       patri
patriamque                    patri
patriaque                     patr
patribus                      patr
patribusque                   patr
patriciae                     patrici
patriciam                     patrici
patricii                      patric
patriciique                   patric
patriciis                     patrici
patricio                      patrici
patriciorum                   patricior
patricios                     patrici
patricium                     patrici
patricius                     patric
patriique                     patr
patrimonia                    patrimon
patrimoniis                   patrimoni
patrimonium                   patrimoni
patrio                        patri
patrios                       patri
patris                        patr
patrocinium                   patrocini
patronos                      patron
patronum                      patron
patruelem                     patruel
patrum                        patr
patrumque                     patr
patrumve                      patrumu
patruo                        patru
patruus                       patru
patuere                       patuer
patuit                        patuit
patula                        patul
pauca                         pauc
paucae                        pauc
paucas                        pauc
pauci                         pauc
pauciores                     paucior
paucioribus                   paucior
paucis                        pauc
paucisque                     pauc
paucitas                      paucit
paucitate                     paucitat
paucitatem                    paucitat
paucitatemque                 paucitat
paucorum                      paucor
paucos                        pauc
pauentes                      pauent
pauentibusque                 pauent
pauentium                     pauenti
pauida                        pauid
pauidaeque                    pauid
pauidam                       pauid
pauide                        pauid
pauidi                        pauid
pauidos                       pauid
pauidus                       pauid
paulatim                      paulatim
paulisper                     paulisper
paulo                         paul
pauloque                      paul
paululum                      paulul
paulum                        paul
paulumque                     paul
pauor                         pauor
pauore                        pauor
pauorem                       pauor
pauoris                       pauor
pauorque                      pauor
pauperes                      pauper
pauperibus                    pauper
paupertatem                   paupertat
pavida                        pauid
pavidum                       pauid
pavidus                       pauid
pavimento                     pauiment
pavor                         pauor
pavore                        pauor
pavorem                       pauor
pavori                        pauor
pax                           pax
peccandi                      peccand
peccans                       peccans
peccare                       peccar
peccasse                      peccass
peccat                        peccat
peccata                       peccat
peccate                       peccat
peccatis                      peccat
peccato                       peccat
peccatum                      peccat
peccauerint                   peccaueri
peccavit                      peccauit
peccetur                      peccetur
pecora                        pecor
pecori                        pecor
pecoribus                     pecor
pecoris                       pecor
pecorum                       pecor
pecorumque                    pecor
pectora                       pector
pectore                       pector
pectori                       pector
pectoris                      pector
pectus                        pect
pectusque                     pect
pecua                         pecu
pecude                        pecud
pecudes                       pecud
pecudum                       pecud
pecudumque                    pecud
peculatus                     peculat
peculiaremque                 peculiar
peculiumque                   peculi
pecunia                       pecun
pecuniae                      pecuni
pecuniam                      pecuni
pecuniamque                   pecuni
pecuniariae                   pecuniari
pecuniarum                    pecuniar
pecunias                      pecuni
pecuniis                      pecuni
pecus                         pec
pedalibus                     pedal
pedem                         ped
pedes                         ped
pedestri                      pedestr
pedestris                     pedestr
pedibus                       ped
pedibusque                    ped
pedio                         pedi
peditatu                      peditat
pedite                        pedit
peditem                       pedit
pedites                       pedit
peditesque                    pedit
peditibus                     pedit
peditum                       pedit
peditumque                    pedit
pedo                          ped
peducaea                      peducae
pedum                         ped
peiore                        peior
peius                         pe
pelagus                       pelag
pelignisque                   pelign
peligno                       pelign
pelignus                      pelign
pelio                         peli
pellantur                     pellantur
pellatur                      pellatur
pelle                         pell
pellebat                      pellebat
pellendi                      pellend
pellere                       peller
pellerent                     pellere
pellerentur                   pellerentur
pelleretur                    pelleretur
pelli                         pell
pellibus                      pell
pellit                        pellit
pellitur                      pellitur
pellunt                       pellu
pelope                        pelop
peloponneso                   peloponnes
peloponnesum                  peloponnes
pelusio                       pelusi
pelusium                      pelusi
penates                       penat
penatesque                    penat
penatibus                     penat
pendant                       penda
pendebat                      pendebat
pendere                       pender
penderent                     pendere
pendet                        pendet
penelopa                      penelop
penes                         pen
penetrales                    penetral
penetrare                     penetrar
penetrat                      penetrat
penetrauerat                  penetrauerat
penetravit                    penetrauit
penitus                       penit
pensitanda                    pensitand
pensum                        pens
penu                          pen
penuria                       penur
penus                         pen
pepercissent                  pepercisse
pepererant                    peperera
peperere                      peperer
pepererunt                    pepereru
peperisse                     peperiss
peperissem                    peperiss
peperit                       peperit
pepigisse                     pepigiss
pepulerat                     pepulerat
pepulere                      pepuler
pepulit                       pepulit
per                           per
peractis                      peract
peracto                       peract
peracturos                    peractur
peragam                       perag
perage                        perag
peragendam                    peragend
peragendis                    peragend
perageret                     perageret
peragi                        perag
peragit                       peragit
peragitati                    peragitat
peragitur                     peragitur
perago                        perag
peragrare                     peragrar
peragunt                      peragu
percenseam                    percense
percepimus                    percepim
percepisset                   percepisset
percepta                      percept
perceptasque                  percept
perceptio                     percepti
perceptis                     percept
perceptum                     percept
percipere                     perciper
perciperent                   percipere
perciperentur                 perciperentur
percipi                       percip
percipiebantur                percipiebantur
percipienda                   percipiend
percipiendique                percipiend
percipimus                    percipim
percipitur                    percipitur
percipiuntur                  percipiuntur
percontarentur                percontarentur
percontari                    percontar
percontatum                   percontat
percontatus                   percontat
percrebuerat                  percrebuerat
percrebuisset                 percrebuisset
perculerat                    perculerat
perculit                      perculit
perculsa                      perculs
perculsam                     perculs
perculsaque                   perculs
perculsi                      perculs
perculsis                     perculs
perculso                      perculs
perculsos                     perculs
perculsum                     perculs
percurrit                     percurrit
percussi                      percuss
percussis                     percuss
percussit                     percussit
percussos                     percuss
percussum                     percuss
percussus                     percuss
percutias                     percuti
perdidit                      perdidit
perdifficilis                 perdifficil
perdita                       perdit
perditi                       perdit
perditis                      perdit
perdiuturna                   perdiuturn
perdoluerunt                  perdolueru
perducendo                    perducend
perducerent                   perducere
perducta                      perduct
perductae                     perduct
perductus                     perduct
perduellionem                 perduellion
perduellionis                 perduellion
perduxerat                    perduxerat
perduxere                     perduxer
perduxisti                    perduxist
perduxit                      perduxit
peregere                      pereger
peregerunt                    peregeru
peregisset                    peregisset
peregit                       peregit
peregre                       peregr
peregrina                     peregrin
peregrinae                    peregrin
peregrinarum                  peregrinar
peregrinatur                  peregrinatur
peregrini                     peregrin
peregrinis                    peregrin
peregrino                     peregrin
peregrinone                   peregrinon
peregrinos                    peregrin
peregrinosque                 peregrin
peregrinum                    peregrin
peregrinus                    peregrin
peremnia                      peremn
peremptam                     perempt
perempti                      perempt
perennem                      perenn
perennes                      perenn
perenni                       perenn
perennitates                  perennitat
perequitans                   perequitans
perequitasset                 perequitasset
pererraturum                  pererratur
perexigua                     perexigu
perexiguum                    perexigu
perfecerat                    perfecerat
perfecerunt                   perfeceru
perfecisse                    perfeciss
perfecta                      perfect
perfectas                     perfect
perfectasque                  perfect
perfecte                      perfect
perfecti                      perfect
perfectione                   perfection
perfectiores                  perfectior
perfectis                     perfect
perfectius                    perfect
perfecto                      perfect
perfectoque                   perfect
perfectum                     perfect
perfecturos                   perfectur
perfectus                     perfect
perferam                      perfer
perferebantur                 perferebantur
perferebatur                  perferebatur
perferendae                   perferend
perferendam                   perferend
perferendi                    perferend
perferre                      perferr
perferrent                    perferre
perferrentur                  perferrentur
perferretur                   perferretur
perferri                      perferr
perfertur                     perfertur
perferunt                     perferu
perficere                     perficer
perficerent                   perficere
perficeretur                  perficeretur
perfici                       perfic
perficiantur                  perficiantur
perficienda                   perficiend
perficiendi                   perficiend
perficiendis                  perficiend
perficiendo                   perficiend
perficietur                   perficietur
perficit                      perficit
perficitur                    perficitur
perficiundi                   perficiund
perficiunt                    perficiu
perfidia                      perfid
perfidiae                     perfidi
perfidiosissimus              perfidiosissim
perfidos                      perfid
perforata                     perforat
perfosso                      perfoss
perfracto                     perfract
perfremunt                    perfremu
perfringerent                 perfringere
perfruendos                   perfruend
perfugae                      perfug
perfugas                      perfug
perfugerant                   perfugera
perfugerat                    perfugerat
perfugere                     perfuger
perfugerent                   perfugere
perfugiebat                   perfugiebat
perfugis                      perfug
perfugisse                    perfugiss
perfugit                      perfugit
perfugium                     perfugi
perfugiunt                    perfugiu
perfundas                     perfund
perfunderis                   perfunder
perfusis                      perfus
perfusus                      perfus
pergami                       pergam
pergamum                      pergam
pergat                        pergat
pergere                       perger
pergeret                      pergeret
pergis                        perg
pergit                        pergit
pergo                         perg
pergratam                     pergrat
pergratum                     pergrat
pergunt                       pergu
perhibent                     perhibe
perhibeto                     perhibet
peribimus                     peribim
periclitaretur                periclitaretur
periclitari                   periclitar
periclitatione                periclitation
periclum                      pericl
pericula                      pericul
periculi                      pericul
periculique                   pericul
periculis                     pericul
periculo                      pericul
periculoque                   pericul
periculorum                   periculor
periculorumque                periculor
periculosa                    periculos
periculosae                   periculos
periculosas                   periculos
periculosior                  periculosior
periculosissimo               periculosissim
periculosum                   periculos
periculum                     pericul
peridoneus                    peridone
periecto                      periect
periere                       perier
perierunt                     perieru
periit                        periit
perinde                       perind
peripateticis                 peripatetic
peripateticos                 peripatetic
perire                        perir
perisse                       periss
perita                        perit
periti                        perit
peritioribus                  peritior
peritique                     perit
peritis                       perit
peritissimis                  peritissim
perito                        perit
peritos                       perit
periturae                     peritur
perituros                     peritur
periturum                     peritur
peritus                       perit
periurio                      periuri
periurisque                   periur
perlabitur                    perlabitur
perlata                       perlat
perlatae                      perlat
perlatam                      perlat
perlatis                      perlat
perlaturos                    perlatur
perlatus                      perlat
perlectis                     perlect
perlicere                     perlicer
perlicerent                   perlicere
perlici                       perlic
perlucens                     perlucens
perlucida                     perlucid
perlucidas                    perlucid
perlucidior                   perlucidior
perlucidos                    perlucid
perlucidum                    perlucid
perlustrasset                 perlustrasset
permanare                     permanar
permanat                      permanat
permanaverat                  permanauerat
permaneat                     permaneat
permanebat                    permanebat
permanendum                   permanend
permanens                     permanens
permanent                     permane
permanere                     permaner
permaneret                    permaneret
permanet                      permanet
permanserint                  permanseri
permanserunt                  permanseru
permiscentur                  permiscentur
permisceri                    permiscer
permiserint                   permiseri
permissa                      permiss
permissu                      permiss
permissum                     permiss
permissurum                   permissur
permissus                     permiss
permittant                    permitta
permittatur                   permittatur
permittebat                   permittebat
permittente                   permittent
permittentibus                permittent
permittere                    permitter
permitteretur                 permitteretur
permittitur                   permittitur
permitto                      permitt
permittunt                    permittu
permittuntque                 permittu
permixtam                     permixt
permoti                       permot
permotos                      permot
permotus                      permot
permovere                     permouer
permulcendo                   permulcend
permulcenti                   permulcent
permulcet                     permulcet
permulta                      permult
permulti                      permult
pernicie                      pernici
perniciei                     pernicie
perniciem                     pernici
perniciosa                    pernicios
perniciosam                   pernicios
perniciosior                  perniciosior
perniciosis                   pernicios
perniciosius                  pernicios
pernicioso                    pernicios
pernicitatem                  pernicitat
pernox                        pernox
perobscura                    perobscur
peroportune                   peroportun
peropportune                  peropportun
perorando                     perorand
peroraris                     perorar
perorem                       peror
perosa                        peros
perosus                       peros
perpauci                      perpauc
perpaucis                     perpauc
perpaucos                     perpauc
perpellere                    perpeller
perpelli                      perpell
perperam                      perper
perpessi                      perpess
perpessos                     perpess
perpeti                       perpet
perpetrata                    perpetrat
perpetratis                   perpetrat
perpetua                      perpetu
perpetuae                     perpetu
perpetuaeque                  perpetu
perpetuam                     perpetu
perpetuas                     perpetu
perpetui                      perpetu
perpetuis                     perpetu
perpetuitatis                 perpetuitat
perpetuo                      perpetu
perpetuoque                   perpetu
perpetuum                     perpetu
perpetuumque                  perpetu
perpetuus                     perpetu
perpopulati                   perpopulat
perpulere                     perpuler
perpulerunt                   perpuleru
perpulit                      perpulit
perpurgant                    perpurga
perque                        per
perrexit                      perrexit
perrumpendum                  perrumpend
perrumpere                    perrumper
perrumperet                   perrumperet
perrumpi                      perrump
perruperant                   perrupera
perruperitis                  perruperit
perrupit                      perrupit
perruptis                     perrupt
persaepe                      persaep
persaeus                      persae
perscribebant                 perscribeba
perscribebat                  perscribebat
perscribuntur                 perscribuntur
persecuntur                   persecuntur
persecutae                    persecut
persecuti                     persecut
persecutis                    persecut
persecuturos                  persecutur
persecutus                    persecut
persecutusque                 persecut
persefonh                     persefonh
perseide                      perseid
persem                        pers
persequebatur                 persequebatur
persequendi                   persequend
persequendis                  persequend
persequendos                  persequend
persequendum                  persequend
persequeretur                 persequeretur
persequetur                   persequetur
persequi                      persequ
persequitur                   persequitur
persequuntur                  persequuntur
perseuerandum                 perseuerand
perseuerantem                 perseuerant
perseueranter                 perseueranter
perseuerantia                 perseuerant
perseuerantiae                perseueranti
perseuerantiam                perseueranti
perseuerantior                perseuerantior
perseuerare                   perseuerar
perseuerarent                 perseuerare
perseuerasset                 perseuerasset
perseueratum                  perseuerat
perseus                       perse
perseverabat                  perseuerabat
perseverandum                 perseuerand
perseverantia                 perseuerant
perseverat                    perseuerat
perseveravit                  perseuerauit
persoluere                    persoluer
persoluta                     persolut
personae                      person
personam                      person
personare                     personar
personis                      person
perspecta                     perspect
perspectum                    perspect
perspici                      perspic
perspiciat                    perspiciat
perspicit                     perspicit
perspicue                     perspicu
perspicuitas                  perspicuit
perspicuum                    perspicu
perstringit                   perstringit
persuadeas                    persuade
persuadeat                    persuadeat
persuademus                   persuadem
persuaderi                    persuader
persuadet                     persuadet
persuaserant                  persuasera
persuasi                      persuas
persuasum                     persuas
pertaesum                     pertaes
pertemptant                   pertempta
pertenderunt                  pertenderu
perterrita                    perterrit
perterritam                   perterrit
perterritas                   perterrit
perterriti                    perterrit
perterritis                   perterrit
perterrito                    perterrit
perterritos                   perterrit
perterritum                   perterrit
perterritus                   perterrit
pertimescant                  pertimesca
pertimuisse                   pertimuiss
pertimuissem                  pertimuiss
pertimuit                     pertimuit
pertinacem                    pertinac
pertinaci                     pertinac
pertinacia                    pertinac
pertinaciae                   pertinaci
pertinacis                    pertinac
pertinaciter                  pertinaciter
pertinacius                   pertinac
pertineant                    pertinea
pertineat                     pertineat
pertinebant                   pertineba
pertinebat                    pertinebat
pertinens                     pertinens
pertinent                     pertine
pertinentem                   pertinent
pertinentes                   pertinent
pertinentia                   pertinent
pertinentium                  pertinenti
pertinere                     pertiner
pertinerent                   pertinere
pertineret                    pertineret
pertinet                      pertinet
pertinuere                    pertinuer
pertinuisse                   pertinuiss
pertinuisset                  pertinuisset
pertractandam                 pertractand
pertulere                     pertuler
pertulerint                   pertuleri
pertulisset                   pertulisset
pertulit                      pertulit
perturbare                    perturbar
perturbari                    perturbar
perturbata                    perturbat
perturbati                    perturbat
perturbatio                   perturbati
perturbationem                perturbation
perturbationibus              perturbation
perturbatis                   perturbat
perturbatum                   perturbat
perturbatumque                perturbat
perturbatus                   perturbat
perturbavit                   perturbauit
perturbentur                  perturbentur
peruaderet                    peruaderet
peruadit                      peruadit
peruagarentur                 peruagarentur
peruaserat                    peruaserat
peruasisset                   peruasisset
perueneras                    peruener
peruenerat                    peruenerat
peruenere                     peruener
perueniri                     peruenir
peruenisse                    perueniss
peruenit                      peruenit
perueniunt                    perueniu
peruentum                     peruent
peruexit                      peruexit
peruicere                     peruicer
peruicerunt                   peruiceru
peruincere                    peruincer
peruincunt                    peruincu
pervadere                     peruader
pervehitur                    peruehitur
pervenerat                    peruenerat
pervenerint                   perueneri
pervenerit                    peruenerit
pervenerunt                   perueneru
perveniamus                   perueniam
perveniat                     perueniat
pervenire                     peruenir
pervenirent                   peruenire
perveniret                    perueniret
pervenisse                    perueniss
pervenissent                  peruenisse
pervenisset                   peruenisset
pervenissetque                peruenisset
pervenit                      peruenit
perveniunt                    perueniu
perventum                     peruent
perventuram                   peruentur
perverit                      peruerit
perverse                      peruers
perversissimis                peruersissim
perviae                       perui
pervulgato                    peruulgat
pessima                       pessim
pessimi                       pessim
pessimis                      pessim
pessimo                       pessim
pessimum                      pessim
pestem                        pest
pesti                         pest
pestifera                     pestifer
pestiferis                    pestifer
pestiferum                    pestifer
pestilens                     pestilens
pestilensque                  pestilens
pestilentem                   pestilent
pestilenti                    pestilent
pestilentia                   pestilent
pestilentiam                  pestilenti
pestilentiamque               pestilenti
pestilentiaque                pestilent
pestilentior                  pestilentior
pestis                        pest
petamus                       petam
petant                        peta
petat                         petat
petebant                      peteba
petebat                       petebat
petebatur                     petebatur
petendam                      petend
petendas                      petend
petendo                       petend
petendum                      petend
petendus                      petend
petens                        petens
petentem                      petent
petentes                      petent
petenti                       petent
petentibus                    petent
petentibusque                 petent
petentium                     petenti
petere                        peter
peterent                      petere
peteret                       peteret
peteretur                     peteretur
peti                          pet
petierat                      petierat
petiere                       petier
petiit                        petiit
petimus                       petim
petisse                       petiss
petissent                     petisse
petisset                      petisset
petit                         petit
petita                        petit
petiti                        petit
petitione                     petition
petitionis                    petition
petitis                       petit
petitor                       petitor
petitore                      petitor
petitum                       petit
petitur                       petitur
petiturum                     petitur
petiverunt                    petiueru
petivit                       petiuit
petra                         petr
petraeus                      petrae
petreii                       petre
petreio                       petrei
petreioque                    petrei
petreius                      petre
petreiusque                   petre
petulantiae                   petulanti
petunt                        petu
phaedoni                      phaedon
phaedro                       phaedr
phaethontem                   phaethont
phalangis                     phalang
phalaris                      phalar
pharum                        phar
pharus                        phar
pheneatae                     pheneat
pheraeo                       pherae
philippus                     philipp
philo                         phil
philone                       philon
philosophabamur               philosophabamur
philosophandi                 philosophand
philosophari                  philosophar
philosophentur                philosophentur
philosophi                    philosoph
philosophia                   philosoph
philosophiae                  philosophi
philosophiam                  philosophi
philosophis                   philosoph
philosopho                    philosoph
philosophorum                 philosophor
philosophos                   philosoph
philosophus                   philosoph
phocaea                       phocae
phoenice                      phoenic
phoenices                     phoenic
phoenicum                     phoenic
phormio                       phormi
phoronidis                    phoronid
phrygias                      phrygi
physica                       physic
physicae                      physic
physice                       physic
physici                       physic
physicis                      physic
physicorum                    physicor
physicum                      physic
physicus                      physic
physiologiam                  physiologi
piacula                       piacul
piacularibus                  piacular
piaculi                       piacul
piaculis                      piacul
piaculo                       piacul
piaculumque                   piacul
pice                          pic
picenique                     picen
piceno                        picen
picenulu                      picenul
picenum                       picen
pictae                        pict
pictam                        pict
picti                         pict
pictis                        pict
pictor                        pictor
pictores                      pictor
pictura                       pictur
picturis                      pictur
pie                           pi
pieque                        pi
pierias                       pieri
pieridas                      pierid
piero                         pier
pietas                        piet
pietate                       pietat
pietatis                      pietat
piget                         piget
pignera                       pigner
pignore                       pignor
pignus                        pign
pigritia                      pigrit
pila                          pil
pilae                         pil
pilento                       pilent
pili                          pil
pilis                         pil
pilisque                      pil
pilleum                       pille
pilorum                       pilor
pilum                         pil
pina                          pin
pinarii                       pinar
pinariis                      pinari
pinarium                      pinari
pinarius                      pinar
pingendum                     pingend
pingitur                      pingitur
pinnarum                      pinnar
pinnatum                      pinnat
pinnis                        pinn
pinnulis                      pinnul
pio                           pi
pioque                        pi
piorum                        pior
piratis                       pirat
pisauri                       pisaur
pisaurum                      pisaur
piscatoriasque                piscatori
piscem                        pisc
piscemque                     pisc
pisces                        pisc
pisciculi                     piscicul
piscium                       pisci
pisistratus                   pisistrat
piso                          pis
pisonem                       pison
pisoni                        pison
placabile                     placabil
placandae                     placand
placandos                     placand
placandosque                  placand
placare                       placar
placari                       placar
placatam                      placat
placatione                    placation
placatior                     placatior
placatos                      placat
placauere                     placauer
placeant                      placea
placeat                       placeat
placebant                     placeba
placebat                      placebat
placentia                     placent
placeo                        place
placere                       placer
placeret                      placeret
placet                        placet
placide                       placid
placidiorem                   placidior
placidius                     placid
placidum                      placid
placuerat                     placuerat
placuisse                     placuiss
placuit                       placuit
plaetoria                     plaetor
plagam                        plag
plancus                       planc
plane                         plan
planeque                      plan
planiciem                     planici
planioribus                   planior
planis                        plan
planitiem                     planiti
planities                     planiti
planius                       plan
plano                         plan
planum                        plan
platalea                      platale
platani                       platan
platanis                      platan
plateasque                    plate
plato                         plat
platone                       platon
platonem                      platon
platonicum                    platonic
platonicus                    platonic
platonis                      platon
plaustra                      plaustr
plaustris                     plaustr
plaustro                      plaustr
plaustrum                     plaustr
plausuque                     plaus
plebe                         pleb
plebei                        plebe
plebeiae                      plebei
plebeiam                      plebei
plebeii                       plebe
plebeiis                      plebei
plebeio                       plebei
plebeiorum                    plebeior
plebeios                      plebei
plebeiosque                   plebei
plebeique                     plebe
plebeium                      plebei
plebeius                      plebe
plebeiusne                    plebeiusn
plebem                        pleb
plebemque                     pleb
plebes                        pleb
plebesque                     pleb
plebi                         pleb
plebicola                     plebicol
plebicolas                    plebicol
plebique                      pleb
plebis                        pleb
plebiscito                    plebiscit
plebisque                     pleb
plebs                         plebs
plectri                       plectr
plena                         plen
plenam                        plen
plenaque                      plen
plene                         plen
pleni                         plen
pleniora                      plenior
plenique                      plen
plenis                        plen
plenissimi                    plenissim
plenissimis                   plenissim
plenissimum                   plenissim
plenissimusque                plenissim
plenissumae                   plenissum
pleno                         plen
plenum                        plen
plenus                        plen
pleraque                      pler
plerasque                     pler
plerique                      pler
plerisque                     pler
plerosque                     pler
plerumque                     pler
ploratu                       plorat
ploratus                      plorat
ploro                         plor
plotius                       plot
ploutwn                       ploutwn
pluendo                       pluend
pluere                        pluer
plueti                        pluet
pluit                         pluit
pluma                         plum
plumato                       plumat
plura                         plur
plures                        plur
pluresque                     plur
pluribus                      plur
pluribusque                   plur
plurima                       plurim
plurimaque                    plurim
plurimarum                    plurimar
plurimas                      plurim
plurimi                       plurim
plurimis                      plurim
plurimisque                   plurim
plurimo                       plurim
plurimorum                    plurimor
plurimos                      plurim
plurimum                      plurim
pluris                        plur
plurium                       pluri
plus                          pl
plusque                       pl
plutei                        plute
pluteis                       plute
pluteisque                    plute
pluteos                       plute
pluvisse                      pluuiss
pocula                        pocul
poena                         poen
poenae                        poen
poenam                        poen
poenarum                      poenar
poenas                        poen
poenino                       poenin
poenis                        poen
poenitet                      poenitet
poeno                         poen
poenorum                      poenor
poenum                        poen
poenus                        poen
poeta                         poet
poetae                        poet
poetam                        poet
poetarum                      poetar
poetas                        poet
poetelio                      poeteli
poetelius                     poetel
poetici                       poetic
poetis                        poet
poioteta                      poiotet
politorium                    politori
pollebant                     polleba
pollens                       pollens
pollent                       polle
pollere                       poller
pollesque                     poll
pollicebatur                  pollicebatur
pollicendo                    pollicend
pollicendoque                 pollicend
pollicentes                   pollicent
pollicentur                   pollicentur
pollicerentur                 pollicerentur
polliceretur                  polliceretur
polliceri                     pollicer
pollicetur                    pollicetur
pollicitae                    pollicit
pollicitationem               pollicitation
pollicitationibus             pollicitation
pollicitationibusque          pollicitation
polliciti                     pollicit
pollicitus                    pollicit
polluce                       polluc
polluci                       polluc
pollui                        pollu
polluit                       polluit
pollux                        pollux
polus                         pol
poluscam                      polusc
pomerium                      pomeri
pometia                       pomet
pometiae                      pometi
pometiam                      pometi
pometinae                     pometin
pomorum                       pomor
pompam                        pomp
pompei                        pompe
pompeia                       pompe
pompeiana                     pompeian
pompeiani                     pompeian
pompeianis                    pompeian
pompeiano                     pompeian
pompeianorum                  pompeianor
pompeianos                    pompeian
pompeianum                    pompeian
pompeim                       pompeim
pompeins                      pompeins
pompeio                       pompei
pompeium                      pompei
pompeiumque                   pompei
pompeius                      pompe
pompeiusque                   pompe
pompelum                      pompel
pompili                       pompil
pompilio                      pompili
pompilium                     pompili
pompilius                     pompil
pomponianam                   pomponian
pomponio                      pomponi
pomponium                     pomponi
pomponius                     pompon
pomptino                      pomptin
pomptinoque                   pomptin
pomptinumque                  pomptin
ponam                         pon
ponant                        pona
ponantur                      ponantur
pondera                       ponder
pondere                       ponder
ponderi                       ponder
ponderis                      ponder
ponderum                      ponder
pondo                         pond
pondus                        pond
ponebant                      poneba
ponentes                      ponent
ponere                        poner
ponerent                      ponere
ponerentur                    ponerentur
poneretur                     poneretur
poni                          pon
ponimus                       ponim
ponit                         ponit
ponitis                       ponit
ponitur                       ponitur
pons                          pons
ponte                         pont
pontem                        pont
pontes                        pont
pontesque                     pont
ponti                         pont
pontibus                      pont
ponticus                      pontic
pontifex                      pontifex
pontifice                     pontific
pontificem                    pontific
pontifices                    pontific
pontifici                     pontific
pontificiis                   pontifici
pontificio                    pontifici
pontificis                    pontific
pontificius                   pontific
pontificum                    pontific
pontis                        pont
pontius                       pont
ponto                         pont
pontones                      ponton
pontus                        pont
ponunt                        ponu
poplitibus                    poplit
populabundi                   populabund
populabundos                  populabund
populabundum                  populabund
populabundus                  populabund
populandos                    populand
populandum                    populand
populantes                    populant
populantur                    populantur
populare                      popular
popularem                     popular
populares                     popular
popularesque                  popular
populari                      popular
popularique                   popular
popularis                     popular
popularisque                  popular
popularium                    populari
populati                      populat
populatione                   population
populationem                  population
populationes                  population
populationesque               population
populationibus                population
populationis                  population
populationum                  population
populatique                   populat
populatores                   populator
populatur                     populatur
populi                        popul
populique                     popul
populis                       popul
popullim                      popullim
populo                        popul
populoque                     popul
populorum                     populor
populos                       popul
populum                       popul
populumque                    popul
populus                       popul
populusque                    popul
porcum                        porc
porgens                       porgens
pornpeiana                    pornpeian
pornpeium                     pornpei
porrectae                     porrect
porrectio                     porrecti
porrectis                     porrect
porrigentibus                 porrigent
porro                         porr
porsenna                      porsenn
porsennae                     porsenn
porsennam                     porsenn
porsinna                      porsinn
porta                         port
portae                        port
portam                        port
portanda                      portand
portantes                     portant
portaretur                    portaretur
portari                       portar
portarum                      portar
portas                        port
portasque                     port
portato                       portat
portendebat                   portendebat
portendens                    portendens
portenderant                  portendera
portendere                    portender
portenderent                  portendere
portenderunt                  portenderu
portendi                      portend
portendunt                    portendu
portenduntur                  portenduntur
portenta                      portent
portentaque                   portent
portenti                      portent
portentis                     portent
portento                      portent
portentum                     portent
portibus                      port
portibusque                   port
porticibus                    portic
porticum                      portic
porticus                      portic
portione                      portion
portis                        port
portisque                     port
portoriisque                  portori
portu                         port
portui                        portu
portum                        port
portumque                     port
portunus                      portun
portus                        port
poscebat                      poscebat
poscentes                     poscent
poscentium                    poscenti
poscere                       poscer
posceret                      posceret
posco                         posc
posculentis                   posculent
poscunt                       poscu
posidonius                    posidon
posita                        posit
positae                       posit
positam                       posit
positi                        posit
positis                       posit
posito                        posit
positos                       posit
positum                       posit
positurum                     positur
positus                       posit
posse                         poss
possederat                    possederat
possedisse                    possediss
possedisset                   possedisset
possemus                      possem
possent                       posse
posses                        poss
possessio                     possessi
possessione                   possession
possessionem                  possession
possessiones                  possession
possessionibus                possession
possessionum                  possession
possesso                      possess
possessores                   possessor
possessoribus                 possessor
possessorum                   possessor
possessum                     possess
posset                        posset
possetne                      possetn
possideant                    possidea
possideat                     possideat
possideret                    possideret
possideri                     possider
possim                        possim
possimus                      possim
possint                       possi
possis                        poss
possit                        possit
possitis                      possit
possum                        poss
possumus                      possum
possunt                       possu
post                          post
postea                        poste
posteaque                     poste
postem                        post
postera                       poster
posteri                       poster
posteriora                    posterior
posteriore                    posterior
posteriores                   posterior
posteris                      poster
posterisque                   poster
posteritatis                  posteritat
postero                       poster
posteroque                    poster
posteros                      poster
posterum                      poster
postferrent                   postferre
posthaberet                   posthaberet
postmodo                      postmod
postmodum                     postmod
postmoerium                   postmoeri
postquam                      postqu
postrema                      postrem
postremis                     postrem
postremo                      postrem
postremum                     postrem
postridie                     postridi
postulabant                   postulaba
postulabat                    postulabat
postulamus                    postulam
postulando                    postuland
postulandum                   postuland
postulant                     postula
postulantibus                 postulant
postulantibusque              postulant
postulantium                  postulanti
postulare                     postular
postularent                   postulare
postularet                    postularet
postulasse                    postulass
postulastis                   postulast
postulat                      postulat
postulata                     postulat
postulationi                  postulation
postulatis                    postulat
postulatu                     postulat
postulatum                    postulat
postulatumque                 postulat
postulauit                    postulauit
postulavisset                 postulauisset
postulavit                    postulauit
postulo                       postul
postumi                       postum
postumia                      postum
postumiana                    postumian
postumianae                   postumian
postumio                      postumi
postumium                     postumi
postumius                     postum
postumiusque                  postum
postumum                      postum
posuerant                     posuera
posuerat                      posuerat
posuerunt                     posueru
posuisse                      posuiss
posuisset                     posuisset
posuit                        posuit
potae                         pot
potantibus                    potant
potens                        potens
potentem                      potent
potenti                       potent
potentiae                     potenti
potentiam                     potenti
potentior                     potentior
potentiora                    potentior
potentioris                   potentior
potentiorum                   potentior
potentis                      potent
potentissimae                 potentissim
potentissimo                  potentissim
potentium                     potenti
poterant                      potera
poterat                       poterat
poteratis                     poterat
poteris                       poter
poterit                       poterit
potero                        poter
poterunt                      poteru
potes                         pot
potest                        potest
potestas                      potest
potestate                     potestat
potestatem                    potestat
potestatemque                 potestat
potestati                     potestat
potestatibus                  potestat
potestatique                  potestat
potestatis                    potestat
potestis                      potest
pothinus                      pothin
potione                       potion
potiones                      potion
potionibus                    potion
potionis                      potion
potiora                       potior
potiorem                      potior
potirentur                    potirentur
potiretur                     potiretur
potiri                        potir
potissima                     potissim
potissimum                    potissim
potissimus                    potissim
potiti                        potit
potitii                       potit
potitiis                      potiti
potitiorum                    potitior
potito                        potit
potitum                       potit
potitur                       potitur
potiturum                     potitur
potitus                       potit
potiundi                      potiund
potius                        pot
potiusque                     pot
potuerant                     potuera
potuerat                      potuerat
potuere                       potuer
potuerint                     potueri
potuerit                      potuerit
potuerunt                     potueru
potui                         potu
potuisse                      potuiss
potuissem                     potuiss
potuissent                    potuisse
potuisses                     potuiss
potuisset                     potuisset
potuisti                      potuist
potuistis                     potuist
potuit                        potuit
pracoccupatum                 pracoccupat
prae                          pr
praeacutis                    praeacut
praeacutos                    praeacut
praealto                      praealt
praebebat                     praebebat
praebebo                      praebeb
praebent                      praebe
praebere                      praeber
praeberent                    praebere
praebet                       praebet
praebita                      praebit
praebitum                     praebit
praebituram                   praebitur
praebituri                    praebitur
praebiturum                   praebitur
praebitus                     praebit
praebuere                     praebuer
praebuisse                    praebuiss
praebuit                      praebuit
praecauendum                  praecauend
praecauere                    praecauer
praecellere                   praeceller
praeceperat                   praeceperat
praeceps                      praeceps
praecepta                     praecept
praeceptio                    praecepti
praeceptis                    praecept
praecepto                     praecept
praeceptorum                  praeceptor
praeceptum                    praecept
praeciditur                   praeciditur
praecipere                    praeciper
praeciperent                  praecipere
praeciperet                   praeciperet
praecipiebant                 praecipieba
praecipis                     praecip
praecipit                     praecipit
praecipitabant                praecipitaba
praecipitare                  praecipitar
praecipitataque               praecipitat
praecipitatum                 praecipitat
praecipitauere                praecipitauer
praecipitauerunt              praecipitaueru
praecipitaverat               praecipitauerat
praecipites                   praecipit
praecipiti                    praecipit
praecipitia                   praecipit
praecipitique                 praecipit
praecipua                     praecipu
praecipuam                    praecipu
praecipue                     praecipu
praecipuum                    praecipu
praecipuus                    praecipu
praecisa                      praecis
praeclara                     praeclar
praeclaram                    praeclar
praeclare                     praeclar
praeclaris                    praeclar
praeclarius                   praeclar
praeclarorum                  praeclaror
praeclarum                    praeclar
praecludit                    praecludit
praeclusas                    praeclus
praeclusit                    praeclusit
praeclusuros                  praeclusur
praeco                        praec
praeconem                     praecon
praecones                     praecon
praeconibus                   praecon
praeconis                     praecon
praecordia                    praecord
praecurrerat                  praecurrerat
praecurrit                    praecurrit
praeda                        praed
praedabundum                  praedabund
praedae                       praed
praedaene                     praedaen
praedaeque                    praed
praedam                       praed
praedamnatosque               praedamnat
praedamnatum                  praedamnat
praedandi                     praedand
praedandum                    praedand
praedantibus                  praedant
praedaque                     praed
praedari                      praedar
praedarum                     praedar
praedas                       praed
praedator                     praedator
praedatores                   praedator
praedatoribus                 praedator
praedatum                     praedat
praedibus                     praed
praedicabant                  praedicaba
praedicabat                   praedicabat
praedicans                    praedicans
praedicant                    praedica
praedicanti                   praedicant
praedicaret                   praedicaret
praedicat                     praedicat
praedicatione                 praedication
praedicaturus                 praedicatur
praedicavit                   praedicauit
praedicere                    praedicer
praedici                      praedic
praedicta                     praedict
praedictaeque                 praedict
praedictionem                 praediction
praedictiones                 praediction
praedictionis                 praediction
praedictum                    praedict
praedicunt                    praedicu
praedita                      praedit
praeditas                     praedit
praediti                      praedit
praeditis                     praedit
praeditos                     praedit
praeditum                     praedit
praediues                     praediu
praedixerat                   praedixerat
praedo                        praed
praedonem                     praedon
praedones                     praedon
praedonibus                   praedon
praedonibusque                praedon
praedonum                     praedon
praeducit                     praeducit
praeerant                     praeera
praeerat                      praeerat
praeeris                      praeer
praeerit                      praeerit
praeesse                      praeess
praeessent                    praeesse
praeesset                     praeesset
praeeunte                     praeeunt
praeeuntibus                  praeeunt
praefante                     praefant
praefatur                     praefatur
praefecerant                  praefecera
praefecerat                   praefecerat
praefecit                     praefecit
praefecti                     praefect
praefectis                    praefect
praefecto                     praefect
praefectos                    praefect
praefectum                    praefect
praefectura                   praefectur
praefecturae                  praefectur
praefectus                    praefect
praeferebant                  praefereba
praeferebantur                praeferebantur
praeferetis                   praeferet
praeferoces                   praeferoc
praeferocis                   praeferoc
praeferre                     praeferr
praeferrent                   praeferre
praeferrentur                 praeferrentur
praeferret                    praeferret
praeferri                     praeferr
praefertur                    praefertur
praeficere                    praeficer
praeficeret                   praeficeret
praeficiebantur               praeficiebantur
praeficit                     praeficit
praeficitur                   praeficitur
praeficiunt                   praeficiu
praefinito                    praefinit
praefixi                      praefix
praefluit                     praefluit
praefracto                    praefract
praefuerat                    praefuerat
praefuisse                    praefuiss
praefuit                      praefuit
praegrauante                  praegrauant
praegressi                    praegress
praegressos                   praegress
praegressum                   praegress
praegressus                   praegress
praeiudicata                  praeiudicat
praeiudicia                   praeiudic
praeiudicio                   praeiudici
praeiudicium                  praeiudici
praelabitur                   praelabitur
praelata                      praelat
praelati                      praelat
praelatisque                  praelat
praelatos                     praelat
praelatum                     praelat
praelatus                     praelat
praemia                       praem
praemiaque                    praem
praemiis                      praemi
praemio                       praemi
praemiorum                    praemior
praemiserat                   praemiserat
praemisissent                 praemisisse
praemisisset                  praemisisset
praemisit                     praemisit
praemissa                     praemiss
praemissae                    praemiss
praemissaque                  praemiss
praemissi                     praemiss
praemissis                    praemiss
praemisso                     praemiss
praemissos                    praemiss
praemissum                    praemiss
praemittit                    praemittit
praemium                      praemi
praemortui                    praemortu
praemuniit                    praemuniit
praemunire                    praemunir
praemunito                    praemunit
praemunivit                   praemuniuit
praeneste                     praenest
praenestinos                  praenestin
praenestinum                  praenestin
praenotionem                  praenotion
praenuntiae                   praenunti
praeoccuparetur               praeoccuparetur
praeoccupasse                 praeoccupass
praeoccupat                   praeoccupat
praeoccupatis                 praeoccupat
praeoccupato                  praeoccupat
praeoccupatus                 praeoccupat
praeoccupauerunt              praeoccupaueru
praeparariue                  praeparariu
praeparata                    praeparat
praeparatas                   praeparat
praeparati                    praeparat
praeparatis                   praeparat
praeparato                    praeparat
praeparauerant                praeparauera
praependentes                 praependent
praependere                   praepender
praepollens                   praepollens
praeponebant                  praeponeba
praepositi                    praeposit
praepositoque                 praeposit
praepositus                   praeposit
praeposuerat                  praeposuerat
praepotens                    praepotens
praepotente                   praepotent
praepotentem                  praepotent
praepropere                   praeproper
praerepturas                  praereptur
praeripiendo                  praeripiend
praerogatiua                  praerogatiu
praerogatiuam                 praerogatiu
praerupta                     praerupt
praeruptum                    praerupt
praeruptus                    praerupt
praesaepserat                 praesaepserat
praesagiente                  praesagient
praescripserit                praescripserit
praescripsit                  praescripsit
praescriptione                praescription
praescripto                   praescript
praescriptum                  praescript
praesectis                    praesect
praesens                      praesens
praesensione                  praesension
praesensionem                 praesension
praesensiones                 praesension
praesentem                    praesent
praesentemque                 praesent
praesentes                    praesent
praesenti                     praesent
praesentia                    praesent
praesentiae                   praesenti
praesentiam                   praesenti
praesentiamus                 praesentiam
praesentibus                  praesent
praesentior                   praesentior
praesentis                    praesent
praesentium                   praesenti
praesepit                     praesepit
praesertim                    praesertim
praeside                      praesid
praesideat                    praesideat
praesides                     praesid
praesidia                     praesid
praesidiaque                  praesid
praesidii                     praesid
praesidiis                    praesidi
praesidiisque                 praesidi
praesidio                     praesidi
praesidioque                  praesidi
praesidiorum                  praesidior
praesidium                    praesidi
praesidiumque                 praesidi
praesidlo                     praesidl
praesit                       praesit
praestabant                   praestaba
praestabilius                 praestabil
praestanda                    praestand
praestans                     praestans
praestansque                  praestans
praestantem                   praestant
praestantemque                praestant
praestantia                   praestant
praestantior                  praestantior
praestantissima               praestantissim
praestantissimae              praestantissim
praestantissimaeque           praestantissim
praestantissimus              praestantissim
praestantissuma               praestantissum
praestantissumam              praestantissum
praestantius                  praestant
praestare                     praestar
praestarent                   praestare
praestaret                    praestaret
praestaretur                  praestaretur
praestat                      praestat
praestate                     praestat
praestatis                    praestat
praestet                      praestet
praestitisse                  praestitiss
praestitissent                praestitisse
praestitutum                  praestitut
praesto                       praest
praestolans                   praestolans
praestrigiaeque               praestrigi
praestrigias                  praestrigi
praestrinxit                  praestrinxit
praesultatorem                praesultator
praesumus                     praesum
praetendant                   praetenda
praetenderit                  praetenderit
praeter                       praeter
praeterea                     praetere
praeteream                    praetere
praetereantur                 praetereantur
praetereaque                  praetere
praetereat                    praetereat
praetereo                     praetere
praeterequitantesque          praeterequitant
praetereunda                  praetereund
praetereundi                  praetereund
praetereundum                 praetereund
praetereundus                 praetereund
praetereuntem                 praetereunt
praetereuntibus               praetereunt
praetereuntium                praetereunti
praetereuntur                 praetereuntur
praeterierunt                 praeterieru
praeterirent                  praeterire
praeterirentur                praeterirentur
praeterita                    praeterit
praeteriti                    praeterit
praeteritis                   praeterit
praeterito                    praeterit
praeteritum                   praeterit
praetermissa                  praetermiss
praetermissae                 praetermiss
praetermissum                 praetermiss
praetermittat                 praetermittat
praetermittendis              praetermittend
praetermittens                praetermittens
praetermittit                 praetermittit
praetermittunt                praetermittu
praeterquam                   praeterqu
praeterque                    praeter
praetervectas                 praeteruect
praetervectosque              praeteruect
praetervehuntur               praeteruehuntur
praetexta                     praetext
praetextam                    praetext
praetor                       praetor
praetore                      praetor
praetorem                     praetor
praetores                     praetor
praetoria                     praetor
praetoriae                    praetori
praetoriam                    praetori
praetoribus                   praetor
praetoriis                    praetori
praetorio                     praetori
praetoriosque                 praetori
praetoris                     praetor
praetorium                    praetori
praetulit                     praetulit
praetura                      praetur
praeualens                    praeualens
praeualidus                   praeualid
praeuerti                     praeuert
praeustam                     praeust
praevolantium                 praeuolanti
prata                         prat
pratis                        prat
praua                         prau
praue                         prau
prauis                        prau
prauo                         prau
prauus                        prau
pravae                        prau
pravique                      prau
pravitas                      prauit
pravitate                     prauitat
precabantur                   precabantur
precamur                      precamur
precantemque                  precant
precantibus                   precant
precantur                     precantur
precaremur                    precaremur
precari                       precar
precariam                     precari
precatio                      precati
precatione                    precation
precationem                   precation
precatus                      precat
preces                        prec
precesque                     prec
precibus                      prec
precibusque                   prec
precor                        precor
prehendendam                  prehendend
prehendendum                  prehendend
prehenderetur                 prehenderetur
prehendit                     prehendit
premat                        premat
premebant                     premeba
premebantur                   premebantur
premebat                      premebat
premendae                     premend
premente                      prement
premere                       premer
premerentur                   premerentur
premeret                      premeret
premeretur                    premeretur
premi                         prem
prendere                      prender
prenderet                     prenderet
prendi                        prend
prendisset                    prendisset
prensabat                     prensabat
prensantes                    prensant
prensantesque                 prensant
prensantur                    prensantur
prensare                      prensar
prensarent                    prensare
prensaret                     prensaret
prensatasque                  prensat
pressione                     pression
pressionibus                  pression
pressos                       press
pressu                        press
pretii                        pret
pretiis                       preti
pretio                        preti
pretium                       preti
pridem                        prid
pridie                        pridi
prima                         prim
primae                        prim
primaeque                     prim
primam                        prim
primaque                      prim
primas                        prim
primast                       primast
primi                         prim
primipilum                    primipil
primis                        prim
primisque                     prim
primo                         prim
primoque                      prim
primores                      primor
primoresque                   primor
primoribus                    primor
primorum                      primor
primos                        prim
primum                        prim
primus                        prim
primusque                     prim
princeps                      princeps
principali                    principal
principatu                    principat
principatum                   principat
principatus                   principat
principe                      princip
principem                     princip
principes                     princip
principesque                  princip
principia                     princip
principibus                   princip
principiis                    principi
principio                     principi
principium                    principi
principum                     princip
prior                         prior
priora                        prior
priore                        prior
priorem                       prior
priores                       prior
priori                        prior
prioribus                     prior
prioris                       prior
priorum                       prior
prisci                        prisc
priscis                       prisc
prisco                        prisc
priscorum                     priscor
priscum                       prisc
priscus                       prisc
pristina                      pristin
pristinae                     pristin
pristinam                     pristin
pristini                      pristin
pristinis                     pristin
pristino                      pristin
pristinum                     pristin
pristinus                     pristin
priuata                       priuat
priuatae                      priuat
priuatam                      priuat
priuataque                    priuat
priuatarum                    priuatar
priuatasque                   priuat
priuati                       priuat
priuatim                      priuatim
priuatimque                   priuatim
priuatique                    priuat
priuatis                      priuat
priuatisque                   priuat
priuato                       priuat
priuatoque                    priuat
priuatorumque                 priuator
priuatos                      priuat
priuatosque                   priuat
priuatum                      priuat
priuatus                      priuat
prius                         pr
priusquam                     priusqu
priusque                      pr
privare                       priuar
privat                        priuat
privata                       priuat
privatae                      priuat
privatam                      priuat
privatas                      priuat
privati                       priuat
privatim                      priuatim
privatis                      priuat
privatisque                   priuat
privato                       priuat
privatoque                    priuat
privatorum                    priuator
privatorumque                 priuator
privatos                      priuat
privatum                      priuat
privatus                      priuat
privet                        priuet
pro                           pr
proavum                       proau
probabam                      probab
probabat                      probabat
probabatur                    probabatur
probabile                     probabil
probabilem                    probabil
probabilia                    probabil
probabilius                   probabil
probabitur                    probabitur
probanda                      proband
probandam                     proband
probandum                     proband
probant                       proba
probare                       probar
probari                       probar
probas                        prob
probassent                    probasse
probasset                     probasset
probat                        probat
probatam                      probat
probati                       probat
probatis                      probat
probatisque                   probat
probato                       probat
probaturumque                 probatur
probauerunt                   probaueru
probavit                      probauit
probra                        probr
proca                         proc
procax                        procax
procedendum                   procedend
procedere                     proceder
procederent                   procedere
procedit                      procedit
proceditur                    proceditur
procedunt                     procedu
procella                      procell
procellae                     procell
procellam                     procell
procellas                     procell
procellis                     procell
proceraque                    procer
proceres                      procer
proceritate                   proceritat
proceroque                    procer
procerum                      procer
processerant                  processera
processerat                   processerat
processere                    processer
processerint                  processeri
processi                      process
processisse                   processiss
processissent                 processisse
processisset                  processisset
processit                     processit
processum                     process
processura                    processur
procinctu                     procinct
proclamante                   proclamant
procliue                      procliu
proclive                      procliu
proconsularem                 proconsular
procreandi                    procreand
procreandorum                 procreandor
procreandum                   procreand
procreant                     procrea
procreantur                   procreantur
procreat                      procreat
procreata                     procreat
procreatae                    procreat
procreatio                    procreati
procreationis                 procreation
procreatos                    procreat
procreaverunt                 procreaueru
procreavisse                  procreauiss
procreavit                    procreauit
procreet                      procreet
procubuisse                   procubuiss
procucurrerunt                procucurreru
procucurrissent               procucurrisse
procucurrit                   procucurrit
procul                        procul
proculo                       procul
proculus                      procul
procumbebat                   procumbebat
procumbunt                    procumbu
procurandae                   procurand
procurandaque                 procurand
procurarent                   procurare
procurata                     procurat
procuratione                  procuration
procurationem                 procuration
procurator                    procurator
procurrebant                  procurreba
procurrentibus                procurrent
procurrerant                  procurrera
procurrerat                   procurrerat
procurrere                    procurrer
procurrerent                  procurrere
procurreretur                 procurreretur
procursantes                  procursant
procursationibus              procursation
procyon                       procyon
prodantur                     prodantur
prodatis                      prodat
prodeatis                     prodeat
prodebat                      prodebat
prodendae                     prodend
prodendam                     prodend
prodendi                      prodend
prodendum                     prodend
proderat                      proderat
proderent                     prodere
proderentur                   proderentur
proderet                      proderet
prodesse                      prodess
prodessent                    prodesse
prodest                       prodest
prodeunt                      prodeu
prodeuntibus                  prodeunt
prodi                         prod
prodicerent                   prodicere
prodicta                      prodict
prodicus                      prodic
prodidisse                    prodidiss
prodidisset                   prodidisset
prodidit                      prodidit
prodiere                      prodier
prodiga                       prodig
prodigam                      prodig
prodigia                      prodig
prodigii                      prodig
prodigiisque                  prodigi
prodigio                      prodigi
prodigiorum                   prodigior
prodigium                     prodigi
prodire                       prodir
prodit                        prodit
prodita                       prodit
proditam                      prodit
proditi                       prodit
proditione                    prodition
proditionem                   prodition
proditionis                   prodition
proditioue                    proditiou
proditis                      prodit
proditorem                    proditor
proditores                    proditor
proditori                     proditor
proditoribus                  proditor
proditos                      prodit
proditum                      prodit
proditumque                   prodit
prodituros                    proditur
proditurum                    proditur
proditus                      prodit
prodixit                      prodixit
producatur                    producatur
producebantur                 producebantur
producendos                   producend
producere                     producer
produci                       produc
producitur                    producitur
producta                      product
productam                     product
productas                     product
producti                      product
productis                     product
productos                     product
productum                     product
productus                     product
producunt                     producu
produxit                      produxit
proelia                       proel
proelians                     proelians
proeliaque                    proel
proeliarentur                 proeliarentur
proeliari                     proeliar
proelii                       proel
proeliis                      proeli
proeliisque                   proeli
proelio                       proeli
proelioque                    proeli
proeliorum                    proelior
proeliss                      proeliss
proelium                      proeli
proeliumque                   proeli
profanarum                    profanar
profanatis                    profanat
profano                       profan
profecerant                   profecera
profecerat                    profecerat
profecerunt                   profeceru
profecit                      profecit
profecta                      profect
profectae                     profect
profectam                     profect
profecti                      profect
profectio                     profecti
profectione                   profection
profectionem                  profection
profectioni                   profection
profectionis                  profection
profectique                   profect
profecto                      profect
profectos                     profect
profectum                     profect
profectus                     profect
profectusque                  profect
proferas                      profer
proferebantur                 proferebantur
proferebatur                  proferebatur
proferendam                   proferend
proferendo                    proferend
proferre                      proferr
proferrem                     proferr
proferri                      proferr
profert                       profert
profertur                     profertur
proferunt                     proferu
proferuntur                   proferuntur
professis                     profess
professus                     profess
profestoque                   profest
proficere                     proficer
proficerent                   proficere
profici                       profic
proficieceretur               proficieceretur
proficientem                  proficient
proficimus                    proficim
proficiscamur                 proficiscamur
proficiscatur                 proficiscatur
proficiscebantur              proficiscebantur
proficiscens                  proficiscens
proficiscentem                proficiscent
proficiscentes                proficiscent
proficiscenti                 proficiscent
proficiscentibus              proficiscent
proficiscerentur              proficiscerentur
proficisceretur               proficisceretur
proficisci                    proficisc
proficiscitur                 proficiscitur
proficiscuntur                proficiscuntur
profitebatur                  profitebatur
profitendam                   profitend
profitendo                    profitend
profitentem                   profitent
profitentur                   profitentur
profiteor                     profiteor
profiteri                     profiter
profligatam                   profligat
profligaverim                 profligauerim
profluens                     profluens
profluentem                   profluent
profluentia                   profluent
profudit                      profudit
profuerunt                    profueru
profugerant                   profugera
profugeret                    profugeret
profugi                       profug
profugisse                    profugiss
profugit                      profugit
profugiunt                    profugiu
profugos                      profug
profugum                      profug
profugus                      profug
profuisse                     profuiss
profuit                       profuit
profunda                      profund
profundo                      profund
profunduntur                  profunduntur
profusam                      profus
progeniem                     progeni
progenies                     progeni
prognatus                     prognat
progrederetur                 progrederetur
progredi                      progred
progrediare                   progrediar
progrediatur                  progrediatur
progrediebantur               progrediebantur
progrediebatur                progrediebatur
progrediendum                 progrediend
progredientem                 progredient
progreditur                   progreditur
progrediuntur                 progrediuntur
progressae                    progress
progressam                    progress
progressas                    progress
progressi                     progress
progresso                     progress
progressus                    progress
prohibeant                    prohibea
prohibebant                   prohibeba
prohibebat                    prohibebat
prohibebatur                  prohibebatur
prohibenda                    prohibend
prohibendi                    prohibend
prohibendo                    prohibend
prohibent                     prohibe
prohibente                    prohibent
prohibentemque                prohibent
prohibentibus                 prohibent
prohibentur                   prohibentur
prohibere                     prohiber
prohiberent                   prohibere
prohiberentur                 prohiberentur
prohiberet                    prohiberet
prohiberi                     prohiber
prohibet                      prohibet
prohibita                     prohibit
prohibitam                    prohibit
prohibiti                     prohibit
prohibito                     prohibit
prohibiturum                  prohibitur
prohibitus                    prohibit
prohibuere                    prohibuer
prohibuissent                 prohibuisse
prohibuisset                  prohibuisset
prohibuit                     prohibuit
proicere                      proicer
proicerent                    proicere
proiciunt                     proiciu
proiecit                      proiecit
proiecti                      proiect
proiectis                     proiect
proiectum                     proiect
proinde                       proind
prolabitur                    prolabitur
prolapsa                      prolaps
prolapsam                     prolaps
prolapsaque                   prolaps
prolapsi                      prolaps
prolapsum                     prolaps
prolapsus                     prolaps
prolatae                      prolat
prolatantem                   prolatant
prolationem                   prolation
prolatis                      prolat
prolato                       prolat
prolatoque                    prolat
prolatum                      prolat
prole                         prol
prolem                        prol
prolempsin                    prolempsin
proles                        prol
prolis                        prol
proloqui                      proloqu
proluit                       proluit
promisce                      promisc
promiscua                     promiscu
promiscui                     promiscu
promiscuoque                  promiscu
promissa                      promiss
promissum                     promiss
promittat                     promittat
promitti                      promitt
promittunt                    promittu
promotus                      promot
promouit                      promouit
promovent                     promoue
prompta                       prompt
promptior                     promptior
promptissimis                 promptissim
promptos                      prompt
promptum                      prompt
promptus                      prompt
promulgandis                  promulgand
promulgant                    promulga
promulgare                    promulgar
promulgarent                  promulgare
promulgassent                 promulgasse
promulgata                    promulgat
promulgatae                   promulgat
promulgatam                   promulgat
promulgatum                   promulgat
promulgaturum                 promulgatur
promulgaverat                 promulgauerat
promulgavit                   promulgauit
promuntoriis                  promuntori
promutuum                     promutu
prona                         pron
pronoea                       pronoe
pronoeam                      pronoe
pronoean                      pronoean
pronoia                       prono
pronuntiabant                 pronuntiaba
pronuntiabat                  pronuntiabat
pronuntiant                   pronuntia
pronuntiantur                 pronuntiantur
pronuntiare                   pronuntiar
pronuntiaret                  pronuntiaret
pronuntiari                   pronuntiar
pronuntiasse                  pronuntiass
pronuntiassent                pronuntiasse
pronuntiasset                 pronuntiasset
pronuntiat                    pronuntiat
pronuntiatione                pronuntiation
pronuntiatum                  pronuntiat
pronuntiaturum                pronuntiatur
pronuntiaueruntque            pronuntiaueru
pronuntiaverat                pronuntiauerat
pronuntiavit                  pronuntiauit
pronuntio                     pronunti
propalam                      propal
propatulo                     propatul
prope                         prop
propediem                     propedi
propellant                    propella
propellere                    propeller
propelli                      propell
propemodum                    propemod
propensior                    propensior
properabant                   properaba
properandi                    properand
properandum                   properand
properans                     properans
properantem                   properant
properanti                    properant
properantis                   properant
properare                     properar
properaret                    properaret
properate                     properat
propere                       proper
propinqua                     propinqu
propinquae                    propinqu
propinquam                    propinqu
propinquas                    propinqu
propinqui                     propinqu
propinquis                    propinqu
propinquisque                 propinqu
propinquitas                  propinquit
propinquitate                 propinquitat
propinquitatem                propinquitat
propinquitatibus              propinquitat
propinquitatis                propinquitat
propinquorum                  propinquor
propinquos                    propinqu
propinquum                    propinqu
propior                       propior
propiora                      propior
propiore                      propior
propiorem                     propior
propitii                      propit
propitio                      propiti
propitios                     propiti
propitium                     propiti
propitius                     propit
propius                       prop
propiusque                    prop
proponant                     propona
proponantur                   proponantur
proponat                      proponat
propone                       propon
proponendum                   proponend
proponere                     proponer
proponeret                    proponeret
proponi                       propon
proponit                      proponit
proposita                     proposit
propositas                    proposit
propositi                     proposit
propositis                    proposit
proposito                     proposit
propositum                    proposit
proposuerunt                  proposueru
proposui                      proposu
proposuisset                  proposuisset
propria                       propr
propriam                      propri
propriaue                     propriau
proprie                       propri
propriis                      propri
proprio                       propri
propris                       propr
proprium                      propri
propter                       propter
propterea                     proptere
propugnabant                  propugnaba
propugnante                   propugnant
propugnare                    propugnar
propugnatorem                 propugnator
propugnatoribus               propugnator
propugnatorumque              propugnator
propulerunt                   propuleru
propulsa                      propuls
propulsare                    propulsar
propulsari                    propulsar
propulsaturos                 propulsatur
proque                        pr
proripientium                 proripienti
proripit                      proripit
proripiunt                    proripiu
prorsus                       prors
proruerat                     proruerat
prorutis                      prorut
proruto                       prorut
prosecuisset                  prosecuisset
prosecuti                     prosecut
prosecutus                    prosecut
prosequebantur                prosequebantur
prosequendum                  prosequend
prosequente                   prosequent
prosequentibus                prosequent
prosequentium                 prosequenti
prosequerentur                prosequerentur
prosequi                      prosequ
prosequitur                   prosequitur
prosequuntur                  prosequuntur
proserpina                    proserpin
proserpinae                   proserpin
proserpinam                   proserpin
prosiliunt                    prosiliu
prosiluisset                  prosiluisset
prospectans                   prospectans
prospectu                     prospect
prospeculatum                 prospeculat
prospera                      prosper
prosperae                     prosper
prosperam                     prosper
prospere                      prosper
prosperitatemque              prosperitat
prosperitates                 prosperitat
prospero                      prosper
prosperum                     prosper
prospicere                    prospicer
prospici                      prospic
prospiciunt                   prospiciu
protagoram                    protagor
protagoras                    protagor
protecta                      protect
protecturum                   protectur
protegebant                   protegeba
protegebat                    protegebat
protegendi                    protegend
protegi                       proteg
protegit                      protegit
proterere                     proterer
protinus                      protin
protinusque                   protin
protraherentur                protraherentur
protulerant                   protulera
protulisse                    protuliss
protulit                      protulit
proturbare                    proturbar
prouexit                      prouexit
prouidendum                   prouidend
prouidentia                   prouident
prouidentiam                  prouidenti
prouidere                     prouider
prouideri                     prouider
prouidisse                    prouidiss
prouidissent                  prouidisse
prouidit                      prouidit
prouincia                     prouinc
prouinciam                    prouinci
prouincias                    prouinci
prouisum                      prouis
prouocandoque                 prouocand
prouocantibusque              prouocant
prouocare                     prouocar
prouocati                     prouocat
prouocatio                    prouocati
prouocatione                  prouocation
prouocationem                 prouocation
prouocationemque              prouocation
prouocationi                  prouocation
prouocationis                 prouocation
prouocatioque                 prouocati
prouocaturum                  prouocatur
prouocauit                    prouocauit
prouocemus                    prouocem
prouocet                      prouocet
prouoco                       prouoc
prouolant                     prouola
prouolat                      prouolat
prout                         prout
provectae                     prouect
proventus                     prouent
proverbium                    prouerbi
provida                       prouid
providae                      prouid
providebant                   prouideba
provident                     prouide
providentem                   prouident
providentes                   prouident
providentia                   prouident
providentiam                  prouidenti
providerat                    prouiderat
providerent                   prouidere
provideri                     prouider
providet                      prouidet
provincia                     prouinc
provinciae                    prouinci
provinciam                    prouinci
provinciarum                  prouinciar
provincias                    prouinci
provinciis                    prouinci
provineiam                    prouinei
provisa                       prouis
provisum                      prouis
provocarit                    prouocarit
provocati                     prouocat
provocatione                  prouocation
provoco                       prouoc
provolat                      prouolat
proxima                       proxim
proximae                      proxim
proximam                      proxim
proximaque                    proxim
proxime                       proxim
proximi                       proxim
proximis                      proxim
proximo                       proxim
proximos                      proxim
proximum                      proxim
proximus                      proxim
proxuma                       proxum
proxumae                      proxum
proxume                       proxum
prudens                       prudens
prudenterque                  prudenter
prudenti                      prudent
prudentia                     prudent
prudentiaeque                 prudenti
prudentiam                    prudenti
prudentiamne                  prudentiamn
prudentior                    prudentior
prudentis                     prudent
prudentissume                 prudentissum
pruinaque                     pruin
pruinas                       pruin
pruinisque                    pruin
ptolomaei                     ptolomae
ptolomaeo                     ptolomae
ptolomaeum                    ptolomae
ptolomaeus                    ptolomae
ptolomaide                    ptolomaid
pubem                         pub
puberem                       puber
puberes                       puber
puberibus                     puber
pubertatem                    pubertat
pubes                         pub
pubescant                     pubesca
publi                         publ
publica                       public
publicae                      public
publicam                      public
publicandis                   publicand
publicando                    publicand
publicani                     publican
publicanis                    publican
publicarentur                 publicarentur
publicarum                    publicar
publicarumque                 publicar
publicas                      public
publicata                     publicat
publicauere                   publicauer
publicaverat                  publicauerat
publice                       public
publici                       public
publicis                      public
publico                       public
publicola                     publicol
publicolae                    publicol
publicoque                    public
publicorum                    publicor
publicos                      public
publicum                      public
publicus                      public
publilium                     publili
publilius                     publil
pudeat                        pudeat
pudentes                      pudent
pudere                        puder
puderet                       puderet
pudet                         pudet
pudica                        pudic
pudicae                       pudic
pudicam                       pudic
pudicitia                     pudicit
pudicitiae                    pudiciti
pudicitiam                    pudiciti
pudor                         pudor
pudore                        pudor
pudorem                       pudor
pudoris                       pudor
puella                        puell
puellae                       puell
puellam                       puell
puer                          puer
pueri                         puer
puerile                       pueril
puerilem                      pueril
puerilibus                    pueril
puerilique                    pueril
puerilis                      pueril
pueris                        puer
puero                         puer
puerorum                      pueror
puerorumque                   pueror
pueros                        puer
puerum                        puer
pugilesque                    pugil
pugna                         pugn
pugnabant                     pugnaba
pugnabat                      pugnabat
pugnabatur                    pugnabatur
pugnae                        pugn
pugnaeque                     pugn
pugnam                        pugn
pugnandi                      pugnand
pugnando                      pugnand
pugnandum                     pugnand
pugnans                       pugnans
pugnant                       pugna
pugnantem                     pugnant
pugnantes                     pugnant
pugnantibus                   pugnant
pugnantium                    pugnanti
pugnare                       pugnar
pugnarent                     pugnare
pugnarentque                  pugnare
pugnaret                      pugnaret
pugnarum                      pugnar
pugnas                        pugn
pugnasse                      pugnass
pugnat                        pugnat
pugnatum                      pugnat
pugnatumque                   pugnat
pugnatur                      pugnatur
pugnaturos                    pugnatur
pugnaturum                    pugnatur
pugnauere                     pugnauer
pugnauerint                   pugnaueri
pugnauerit                    pugnauerit
pugnaverunt                   pugnaueru
pugnent                       pugne
pugnis                        pugn
pugno                         pugn
pulcher                       pulcher
pulcherrima                   pulcherrim
pulcherrimae                  pulcherrim
pulcherrimam                  pulcherrim
pulcherrimast                 pulcherrimast
pulcherrime                   pulcherrim
pulcherrimum                  pulcherrim
pulcherrimus                  pulcherrim
pulcherruma                   pulcherrum
pulcherrumae                  pulcherrum
pulcherrume                   pulcherrum
pulchra                       pulchr
pulchramque                   pulchr
pulchre                       pulchr
pulchrior                     pulchrior
pulchriora                    pulchrior
pulchriorem                   pulchrior
pulchriores                   pulchrior
pulchritudine                 pulchritudin
pulchritudinem                pulchritudin
pulchritudinemque             pulchritudin
pulchritudo                   pulchritud
pulchrius                     pulchr
pulchrum                      pulchr
pulione                       pulion
pulli                         pull
pullos                        pull
pulmones                      pulmon
pulmonibus                    pulmon
pulmonum                      pulmon
pulsa                         puls
pulsant                       pulsa
pulsati                       pulsat
pulsatos                      pulsat
pulsentur                     pulsentur
pulset                        pulset
pulsetur                      pulsetur
pulsi                         puls
pulsique                      puls
pulsis                        puls
pulso                         puls
pulsos                        puls
pulsu                         puls
pulsum                        puls
pulsus                        puls
puluere                       puluer
puluerem                      puluer
puluillus                     puluill
puluinar                      puluinar
puluis                        pulu
puluisque                     pulu
pulverem                      puluer
pulveris                      puluer
pulvis                        pulu
punctis                       punct
puncto                        punct
punctum                       punct
puniat                        puniat
punico                        punic
punicum                       punic
puniretur                     puniretur
pupium                        pupi
pupius                        pup
puppi                         pupp
pupula                        pupul
pupulas                       pupul
pura                          pur
puram                         pur
pure                          pur
purgamentorum                 purgamentor
purgando                      purgand
purgantium                    purganti
purgare                       purgar
purgaret                      purgaret
purgationem                   purgation
purgatum                      purgat
puri                          pur
purior                        purior
purissimaque                  purissim
puro                          pur
puroeiv                       puroei
purus                         pur
putabant                      putaba
putabat                       putabat
putabatis                     putabat
putabatur                     putabatur
putamus                       putam
putanda                       putand
putandi                       putand
putandum                      putand
putandus                      putand
putant                        puta
putantur                      putantur
putare                        putar
putarem                       putar
putaremus                     putarem
putarent                      putare
putarentur                    putarentur
putares                       putar
putaret                       putaret
putaretis                     putaret
putarint                      putari
putas                         put
putat                         putat
putatis                       putat
putatur                       putatur
putaverunt                    putaueru
putavi                        putau
putavit                       putauit
puteis                        pute
putem                         put
putemne                       putemn
putemus                       putem
putent                        pute
puteolis                      puteol
puteos                        pute
putes                         put
putesceret                    putesceret
putet                         putet
putetis                       putet
puto                          put
pylaemene                     pylaemen
pyramidem                     pyramid
pyramidis                     pyramid
pyrenaeo                      pyrenae
pyrenaeos                     pyrenae
pyriphlegethon                pyriphlegethon
pyrrhi                        pyrrh
pythagorae                    pythagor
pythagoram                    pythagor
pythagoras                    pythagor
pythagorei                    pythagore
pythagoreis                   pythagore
pythicae                      pythic
pythicam                      pythic
pythice                       pythic
pythici                       pythic
q                             q
qninqueremem                  qninquerem
qu                            qu
qua                           qu
quac                          quac
quacumque                     quac
quadam                        quad
quadragenas                   quadragen
quadraginta                   quadragint
quadrantes                    quadrant
quadratas                     quadrat
quadrati                      quadrat
quadrato                      quadrat
quadriduum                    quadridu
quadrifariam                  quadrifari
quadrigarum                   quadrigar
quadrigis                     quadrig
quadringentensimum            quadringentensim
quadringentorum               quadringentor
quadringentos                 quadringent
quadripedum                   quadriped
quadripertita                 quadripertit
quadriremes                   quadrirem
quadriremibus                 quadrirem
quadrupes                     quadrup
quadruplatoris                quadruplator
quae                          qu
quaecumque                    quaec
quaedam                       quaed
quaedamque                    quaed
quaelibet                     quaelibet
quaenam                       quaen
quaeque                       quaeque
quaeram                       quaer
quaerant                      quaera
quaeras                       quaer
quaerat                       quaerat
quaeratur                     quaeratur
quaerebant                    quaereba
quaerebat                     quaerebat
quaerebatur                   quaerebatur
quaerenda                     quaerend
quaerendae                    quaerend
quaerendam                    quaerend
quaerendas                    quaerend
quaerendi                     quaerend
quaerendo                     quaerend
quaerendum                    quaerend
quaerens                      quaerens
quaerentem                    quaerent
quaerentes                    quaerent
quaerenti                     quaerent
quaerentibus                  quaerent
quaerentique                  quaerent
quaerentis                    quaerent
quaerentur                    quaerentur
quaerere                      quaerer
quaereremus                   quaererem
quaererent                    quaerere
quaereret                     quaereret
quaereretur                   quaereretur
quaeres                       quaer
quaeret                       quaeret
quaeri                        quaer
quaerimus                     quaerim
quaeris                       quaer
quaerit                       quaerit
quaeritur                     quaeritur
quaero                        quaer
quaerunt                      quaeru
quaesisset                    quaesisset
quaesita                      quaesit
quaesitae                     quaesit
quaesitam                     quaesit
quaesitum                     quaesit
quaesituri                    quaesitur
quaesiuit                     quaesiuit
quaesivisset                  quaesiuisset
quaesivit                     quaesiuit
quaesivitque                  quaesiuit
quaeso                        quaes
quaestio                      quaesti
quaestione                    quaestion
quaestionem                   quaestion
quaestiones                   quaestion
quaestioni                    quaestion
quaestionibus                 quaestion
quaestionis                   quaestion
quaestionum                   quaestion
quaestor                      quaestor
quaestorem                    quaestor
quaestores                    quaestor
quaestoribus                  quaestor
quaestoriis                   quaestori
quaestorum                    quaestor
quaestui                      quaestu
quaesturamque                 quaestur
quaeve                        quaeu
quale                         qual
qualem                        qual
quales                        qual
qualeslibet                   qualeslibet
qualesque                     qual
qualesve                      qualesu
qualia                        qual
qualicumque                   qualic
qualis                        qual
qualitate                     qualitat
quam                          qu
quamcumque                    quamc
quamdiu                       quamdi
quamlibet                     quamlibet
quamobrem                     quamobr
quamquam                      quamqu
quamque                       quamque
quamuis                       quamu
quamvis                       quamu
quanam                        quan
quandam                       quand
quando                        quand
quandoque                     quandoque
quanta                        quant
quantae                       quant
quantam                       quant
quantasque                    quant
quanti                        quant
quanto                        quant
quantoque                     quant
quantum                       quant
quantumcumque                 quantumc
quantus                       quant
quapropter                    quapropter
quaque                        quaque
quare                         quar
quarta                        quart
quartae                       quart
quartam                       quart
quartanas                     quartan
quartarios                    quartari
quarto                        quart
quartum                       quart
quartus                       quart
quarum                        quar
quarundam                     quarund
quas                          qu
quascumque                    quasc
quasdam                       quasd
quasi                         quas
quasque                       quasque
quatenus                      quaten
quaterna                      quatern
quaternae                     quatern
quaternis                     quatern
quatiens                      quatiens
quatit                        quatit
quattuor                      quattuor
quattuordecim                 quattuordecim
quattuorque                   quattuor
quem                          qu
quemadmodum                   quemadmod
quemcumque                    quemc
quemquam                      quemqu
quemque                       quemque
quemvis                       quemu
quendam                       quend
quercum                       querc
quercus                       querc
querebatur                    querebatur
querella                      querell
querellae                     querell
querellarum                   querellar
querellas                     querell
querellis                     querell
querendo                      querend
querens                       querens
querente                      querent
querentes                     querent
querentibus                   querent
quereretur                    quereretur
queri                         quer
querimoniae                   querimoni
querique                      quer
queritur                      queritur
queruntur                     queruntur
questi                        quest
questum                       quest
questus                       quest
queunt                        queu
qui                           qu
quia                          qu
quibus                        qu
quibuscum                     quibusc
quibuscumque                  quibusc
quibusdam                     quibusd
quibuslibet                   quibuslibet
quibusque                     quibusque
quicquam                      quicqu
quicque                       quic
quicquid                      quicquid
quicumque                     quic
quid                          quid
quidam                        quid
quiddam                       quidd
quidem                        quid
quidnam                       quidn
quidque                       quid
quidquid                      quidquid
quidue                        quidu
quidvis                       quidu
quies                         qui
quiescendi                    quiescend
quiescenti                    quiescent
quiescentibus                 quiescent
quiescerem                    quiescer
quiescerent                   quiescere
quiescet                      quiescet
quiescimus                    quiescim
quiesse                       quiess
quieta                        quiet
quietae                       quiet
quietam                       quiet
quietas                       quiet
quiete                        quiet
quietem                       quiet
quieti                        quiet
quietior                      quietior
quietiora                     quietior
quietis                       quiet
quietissime                   quietissim
quietius                      quiet
quieto                        quiet
quietum                       quiet
quieturos                     quietur
quietus                       quiet
quieuerint                    quieueri
quieuerunt                    quieueru
quieuit                       quieuit
quin                          quin
quinam                        quin
quincti                       quinct
quinctia                      quinct
quinctiae                     quincti
quinctiano                    quinctian
quinctiis                     quincti
quinctilio                    quinctili
quinctilius                   quinctil
quinctio                      quincti
quinctiorum                   quinctior
quinctios                     quincti
quinctium                     quincti
quinctius                     quinct
quindecim                     quindecim
quingenti                     quingent
quingentos                    quingent
quinis                        quin
quinquaginta                  quinquagint
quinque                       quin
quinquennalem                 quinquennal
quinquennium                  quinquenni
quinqueremes                  quinquerem
quinta                        quint
quintilibus                   quintil
quintilius                    quintil
quinto                        quint
quintum                       quint
quintus                       quint
quippe                        quipp
quippiam                      quippi
quique                        quique
quirinalem                    quirinal
quirinali                     quirinal
quirinalis                    quirinal
quirine                       quirin
quirini                       quirin
quirino                       quirin
quirinum                      quirin
quirites                      quirit
quiritibusque                 quirit
quiritium                     quiriti
quis                          qu
quisnam                       quisn
quispiam                      quispi
quisquam                      quisqu
quisque                       quisque
quisquis                      quisqu
quisue                        quisu
quiuerit                      quiuerit
quiuis                        quiu
quivis                        quiu
quo                           qu
quoad                         quoad
quocirca                      quocirc
quocumque                     quoc
quod                          quod
quodam                        quod
quodcumque                    quodc
quoddam                       quodd
quodnam                       quodn
quodque                       quod
quodsi                        quods
quoi                          quo
quoius                        quo
quom                          quom
quomodo                       quomod
quonam                        quon
quondam                       quond
quoniam                       quoni
quoniamque                    quoni
quoquam                       quoqu
quoque                        quoque
quoquo                        quoqu
quorsum                       quors
quorum                        quor
quorumque                     quorumque
quos                          qu
quoscumque                    quosc
quosdam                       quosd
quosque                       quosque
quot                          quot
quotannis                     quotann
quotiens                      quotiens
quotienscumque                quotiensc
quotus                        quot
quoue                         quou
rabie                         rabi
rabiem                        rabi
rabuleio                      rabulei
rabuleius                     rabule
raciliam                      racili
radianti                      radiant
radices                       radic
radicibus                     radic
radicis                       radic
radicitus                     radicit
radiis                        radi
radios                        radi
raetis                        raet
ramnenses                     ramnens
ramnes                        ramn
ranae                         ran
ranis                         ran
rapax                         rapax
rapere                        raper
raperent                      rapere
raperentur                    raperentur
rapi                          rap
rapiant                       rapia
rapiatur                      rapiatur
rapidissimo                   rapidissim
rapiditate                    rapiditat
rapido                        rapid
rapiendas                     rapiend
rapientium                    rapienti
rapinis                       rapin
rapinisque                    rapin
rapique                       rap
rapit                         rapit
rapiunt                       rapiu
rapta                         rapt
raptae                        rapt
raptam                        rapt
raptarum                      raptar
raptim                        raptim
raptis                        rapt
rapto                         rapt
raptum                        rapt
rapturumque                   raptur
raptus                        rapt
rapuere                       rapuer
rapuisse                      rapuiss
rara                          rar
rari                          rar
rarione                       rarion
raritas                       rarit
raro                          rar
raroque                       rar
raros                         rar
rata                          rat
ratam                         rat
rates                         rat
rati                          rat
ratibus                       rat
ratio                         rati
ratiocinari                   ratiocinar
ratione                       ration
rationem                      ration
rationemque                   ration
rationes                      ration
rationibus                    ration
rationis                      ration
rationum                      ration
ratis                         rat
ratiunculas                   ratiuncul
ratlone                       ratlon
ratos                         rat
ratum                         rat
ratus                         rat
raucilli                      raucill
raucillus                     raucill
ravennae                      rauenn
re                            re
reae                          re
reatina                       reatin
rebantur                      rebantur
rebatur                       rebatur
rebellandum                   rebelland
rebellantes                   rebellant
rebellantibus                 rebellant
rebellarant                   rebellara
rebellare                     rebellar
rebellarunt                   rebellaru
rebellassent                  rebellasse
rebellauerant                 rebellauera
rebellionem                   rebellion
rebellionis                   rebellion
rebilum                       rebil
rebilus                       rebil
rebus                         reb
rebusque                      reb
recalescunt                   recalescu
recedendum                    recedend
recedens                      recedens
recedentes                    recedent
recedit                       recedit
recedunt                      recedu
recens                        recens
recensendum                   recensend
recensentes                   recensent
recentem                      recent
recentes                      recent
recenti                       recent
recentibus                    recent
recentior                     recentior
recentiore                    recentior
recentissimi                  recentissim
recentissimum                 recentissim
receperant                    recepera
receperat                     receperat
recepere                      receper
receperunt                    receperu
recepisse                     recepiss
recepissent                   recepisse
recepisset                    recepisset
recepisti                     recepist
recepit                       recepit
recepta                       recept
receptaculo                   receptacul
receptaculum                  receptacul
receptae                      recept
receptam                      recept
receptando                    receptand
receptas                      recept
recepti                       recept
receptis                      recept
receptisque                   recept
recepto                       recept
receptos                      recept
receptu                       recept
receptui                      receptu
receptum                      recept
receptus                      recept
receptusque                   recept
recessum                      recess
recessus                      recess
recidere                      recider
recidisse                     recidiss
recidunt                      recidu
reciperandae                  reciperand
reciperandam                  reciperand
reciperandi                   reciperand
reciperandique                reciperand
reciperando                   reciperand
reciperare                    reciperar
reciperaretur                 reciperaretur
reciperata                    reciperat
reciperatae                   reciperat
reciperatam                   reciperat
reciperatas                   reciperat
reciperatis                   reciperat
reciperato                    reciperat
reciperatum                   reciperat
recipere                      reciper
reciperent                    recipere
reciperet                     reciperet
reciperetur                   reciperetur
recipi                        recip
recipiebant                   recipieba
recipiebat                    recipiebat
recipiemus                    recipiem
recipiendas                   recipiend
recipiendique                 recipiend
recipiendorum                 recipiendor
recipiendum                   recipiend
recipientes                   recipient
recipientibus                 recipient
recipio                       recipi
recipit                       recipit
recipiundum                   recipiund
recipiunt                     recipiu
recipiuntur                   recipiuntur
reciprocando                  reciprocand
recitabat                     recitabat
recitabatque                  recitabat
recitarentur                  recitarentur
recitares                     recitar
recitat                       recitat
recitata                      recitat
recitatis                     recitat
reclamantibus                 reclamant
recludam                      reclud
recognoscendas                recognoscend
reconciliandam                reconciliand
reconciliandi                 reconciliand
reconciliare                  reconciliar
reconciliaret                 reconciliaret
reconciliari                  reconciliar
reconciliatamque              reconciliat
reconciliatur                 reconciliatur
reconcilient                  reconcilie
recondit                      recondit
reconditas                    recondit
reconditis                    recondit
recordabantur                 recordabantur
recordamini                   recordamin
recordari                     recordar
recordatum                    recordat
recreandos                    recreand
recreatus                     recreat
recta                         rect
recte                         rect
rectene                       recten
recti                         rect
rectissime                    rectissim
rectissume                    rectissum
rectius                       rect
recto                         rect
rectoque                      rect
rectorem                      rector
recuperabimus                 recuperabim
recurrant                     recurra
recurrendo                    recurrend
recurrentes                   recurrent
recurrentesque                recurrent
recurritur                    recurritur
recurrunt                     recurru
recusabant                    recusaba
recusabat                     recusabat
recusamus                     recusam
recusante                     recusant
recusantes                    recusant
recusantibus                  recusant
recusare                      recusar
recusarent                    recusare
recusatione                   recusation
recusatur                     recusatur
recuso                        recus
redacta                       redact
redactis                      redact
redactum                      redact
redargui                      redargu
redarguunt                    redarguu
reddant                       redda
reddantur                     reddantur
reddat                        reddat
reddatur                      reddatur
reddebant                     reddeba
reddebat                      reddebat
reddenda                      reddend
reddendaeque                  reddend
reddendam                     reddend
reddent                       redde
reddentem                     reddent
reddere                       redder
redderent                     reddere
redderet                      redderet
redderetur                    redderetur
reddes                        redd
reddi                         redd
reddiderat                    reddiderat
reddidere                     reddider
reddidit                      reddidit
reddit                        reddit
reddita                       reddit
redditam                      reddit
redditaque                    reddit
redditas                      reddit
redditis                      reddit
reddito                       reddit
redditur                      redditur
redditurum                    redditur
redditus                      reddit
reddunt                       reddu
redduntur                     redduntur
redeam                        rede
redeamus                      redeam
redeat                        redeat
redegisse                     redegiss
redegissent                   redegisse
redegit                       redegit
redemit                       redemit
redempti                      redempt
redemptos                     redempt
redemptus                     redempt
redeo                         rede
redeundo                      redeund
redeunt                       redeu
redeuntem                     redeunt
redeuntes                     redeunt
redibant                      rediba
redibatis                     redibat
redibatque                    redibat
rediens                       rediens
redierant                     rediera
redierat                      redierat
rediere                       redier
redierunt                     redieru
redigere                      rediger
redigi                        redig
redigitur                     redigitur
rediit                        rediit
redimi                        redim
redintegrant                  redintegra
redintegrata                  redintegrat
redintegrato                  redintegrat
redire                        redir
redirem                       redir
redirent                      redire
rediret                       rediret
rediri                        redir
redisse                       rediss
redisset                      redisset
redit                         redit
redite                        redit
reditum                       redit
redituros                     reditur
rediturum                     reditur
rediturus                     reditur
reditus                       redit
reducendo                     reducend
reducendum                    reducend
reduceret                     reduceret
reduci                        reduc
reducimus                     reducim
reducit                       reducit
reducitur                     reducitur
reductae                      reduct
reducti                       reduct
reductis                      reduct
reducto                       reduct
reductori                     reductor
reductus                      reduct
reducunt                      reducu
redundat                      redundat
reduxerant                    reduxera
reduxit                       reduxit
refecerant                    refecera
refecerat                     refecerat
refecisset                    refecisset
refecit                       refecit
refecta                       refect
refectae                      refect
refectam                      refect
refecti                       refect
refectis                      refect
refectos                      refect
refectum                      refect
refectus                      refect
refellatur                    refellatur
refellenda                    refellend
refellendi                    refellend
refellendum                   refellend
refellere                     refeller
refellerentur                 refellerentur
refellis                      refell
refellit                      refellit
refellitur                    refellitur
refellunt                     refellu
referam                       refer
referant                      refera
referantur                    referantur
referat                       referat
referebant                    refereba
referemus                     referem
referenda                     referend
referendae                    referend
referendum                    referend
referente                     referent
referentes                    referent
referentibus                  referent
referes                       refer
referre                       referr
referrent                     referre
referrentque                  referre
referret                      referret
referretur                    referretur
referri                       referr
referserunt                   referseru
refersit                      refersit
refert                        refert
referta                       refert
refertae                      refert
refertas                      refert
refertur                      refertur
referunt                      referu
referuntur                    referuntur
reficere                      reficer
reficerentur                  reficerentur
reficeret                     reficeret
reficeretur                   reficeretur
refici                        refic
reficiebant                   reficieba
reficiebat                    reficiebat
reficiendas                   reficiend
reficiendasque                reficiend
reficiendorum                 reficiendor
reficit                       reficit
reficitis                     reficit
reficiunt                     reficiu
reflat                        reflat
reformidare                   reformidar
refrigerata                   refrigerat
refrigerato                   refrigerat
refrigeret                    refrigeret
refringi                      refring
refugerant                    refugera
refugerat                     refugerat
refugere                      refuger
refugerunt                    refugeru
refugiebant                   refugieba
refugiens                     refugiens
refugientes                   refugient
refugit                       refugit
refulget                      refulget
refutando                     refutand
regale                        regal
regant                        rega
regantur                      regantur
regat                         regat
regatur                       regatur
rege                          reg
regebat                       regebat
regem                         reg
regemque                      reg
regenda                       regend
regendam                      regend
regendi                       regend
regentem                      regent
regenti                       regent
regere                        reger
regerent                      regere
regerentur                    regerentur
regeret                       regeret
regeretur                     regeretur
reges                         reg
regi                          reg
regia                         reg
regiae                        regi
regiam                        regi
regias                        regi
regibus                       reg
regibusque                    reg
regii                         reg
regiis                        regi
regillensi                    regillens
regillensis                   regillens
regillum                      regill
regimen                       regimen
regina                        regin
reginae                       regin
regio                         regi
regione                       region
regionem                      region
regiones                      region
regionibus                    region
regionibusque                 region
regionum                      region
regios                        regi
regis                         reg
regisque                      reg
regit                         regit
regium                        regi
regius                        reg
regna                         regn
regnante                      regnant
regnantem                     regnant
regnare                       regnar
regnarent                     regnare
regnaret                      regnaret
regnari                       regnar
regnarunt                     regnaru
regnasse                      regnass
regnat                        regnat
regnatum                      regnat
regnaturum                    regnatur
regnauimus                    regnauim
regnavit                      regnauit
regni                         regn
regnis                        regn
regno                         regn
regnoque                      regn
regnum                        regn
regnumque                     regn
regredi                       regred
regressi                      regress
regressus                     regress
regula                        regul
regulas                       regul
reguli                        regul
regulum                       regul
regulus                       regul
regum                         reg
regunt                        regu
reguntur                      reguntur
rei                           re
reicere                       reicer
reicerent                     reicere
reiciamus                     reiciam
reiciebant                    reicieba
reiciemus                     reiciem
reicitur                      reicitur
reiciunt                      reiciu
reiecissent                   reiecisse
reiecisset                    reiecisset
reiecit                       reiecit
reiecta                       reiect
reiectam                      reiect
reiecti                       reiect
reique                        re
reis                          re
relata                        relat
relatam                       relat
relatio                       relati
relationem                    relation
relatis                       relat
relato                        relat
relatu                        relat
relatum                       relat
relaturos                     relatur
relaturum                     relatur
relatus                       relat
relaxantibus                  relaxant
relaxatur                     relaxatur
relegari                      relegar
relegati                      relegat
relegatione                   relegation
relegationem                  relegation
relegatus                     relegat
relegendo                     relegend
relegerent                    relegere
relicta                       relict
relictae                      relict
relictam                      relict
relictarum                    relictar
relictarumque                 relictar
relictas                      relict
relicti                       relict
relictis                      relict
relicto                       relict
relictoque                    relict
relictos                      relict
relictum                      relict
relicturi                     relictur
relictus                      relict
relicum                       relic
religandi                     religand
religant                      religa
religatus                     religat
religaverant                  religauera
religaverunt                  religaueru
religio                       religi
religione                     religion
religionem                    religion
religiones                    religion
religionesque                 religion
religioni                     religion
religionibus                  religion
religionibusque               religion
religionis                    religion
religionum                    religion
religioque                    religi
religiose                     religios
religiosi                     religios
religioso                     religios
religiosum                    religios
relinquant                    relinqua
relinquantur                  relinquantur
relinquat                     relinquat
relinquatur                   relinquatur
relinquebant                  relinqueba
relinquebatur                 relinquebatur
relinquenda                   relinquend
relinquendane                 relinquendan
relinquendas                  relinquend
relinquendi                   relinquend
relinquendos                  relinquend
relinquendum                  relinquend
relinquentes                  relinquent
relinquere                    relinquer
relinquerent                  relinquere
relinquerentur                relinquerentur
relinqueret                   relinqueret
relinqueretur                 relinqueretur
relinqui                      relinqu
relinquimus                   relinquim
relinquit                     relinquit
relinquitur                   relinquitur
relinquunt                    relinquu
relinquuntur                  relinquuntur
reliqua                       reliqu
reliquae                      reliqu
reliquaeque                   reliqu
reliquam                      reliqu
reliquarum                    reliquar
reliquas                      reliqu
reliquasque                   reliqu
reliquerant                   reliquera
reliquerat                    reliquerat
reliquere                     reliquer
reliquerint                   reliqueri
reliqueritis                  reliquerit
reliquerunt                   reliqueru
reliqui                       reliqu
reliquiae                     reliqui
reliquias                     reliqui
reliquiis                     reliqui
reliquique                    reliqu
reliquis                      reliqu
reliquisque                   reliqu
reliquisse                    reliquiss
reliquissent                  reliquisse
reliquisset                   reliquisset
reliquit                      reliquit
reliquo                       reliqu
reliquorum                    reliquor
reliquorumque                 reliquor
reliquos                      reliqu
reliquosque                   reliqu
reliquum                      reliqu
reliquusque                   reliqu
relucet                       relucet
rem                           rem
remanebant                    remaneba
remanendo                     remanend
remanere                      remaner
remanerent                    remanere
remanet                       remanet
remanserat                    remanserat
remanserunt                   remanseru
remansissent                  remansisse
remansisset                   remansisset
remearet                      remearet
remedia                       remed
remediis                      remedi
remedio                       remedi
remedium                      remedi
remiges                       remig
remigibus                     remig
remigum                       remig
reminiscerentur               reminiscerentur
remis                         rem
remiserant                    remisera
remiserat                     remiserat
remiserunt                    remiseru
remisisset                    remisisset
remisit                       remisit
remissa                       remiss
remissae                      remiss
remissi                       remiss
remissiore                    remissior
remissis                      remiss
remisso                       remiss
remissum                      remiss
remissurum                    remissur
remittendo                    remittend
remittendum                   remittend
remittente                    remittent
remittere                     remitter
remitterent                   remittere
remitterentur                 remitterentur
remitteret                    remitteret
remitti                       remitt
remittit                      remittit
remitto                       remitt
remittunt                     remittu
remittuntur                   remittuntur
remo                          rem
remorandoque                  remorand
remos                         rem
remota                        remot
remotam                       remot
remotis                       remot
remotissimae                  remotissim
remotius                      remot
remotos                       remot
remoue                        remou
removendum                    remouend
removentur                    remouentur
removerant                    remouera
remque                        rem
remulco                       remulc
remum                         rem
remumque                      rem
remunerans                    remunerans
remus                         rem
renibus                       ren
renitentes                    renitent
renouandae                    renouand
renouant                      renoua
renouaret                     renouaret
renouari                      renouar
renouarunt                    renouaru
renouata                      renouat
renouataque                   renouat
renouati                      renouat
renouatio                     renouati
renouato                      renouat
renouatum                     renouat
renouetur                     renouetur
renovare                      renouar
renovataeque                  renouat
renovato                      renouat
renovatum                     renouat
renovavit                     renouauit
rentur                        rentur
renumeraverunt                renumeraueru
renuntiant                    renuntia
renuntiarentur                renuntiarentur
renuntiari                    renuntiar
renuntiarunt                  renuntiaru
renuntiassent                 renuntiasse
renuntiat                     renuntiat
renuntiatum                   renuntiat
reo                           re
reos                          re
repagula                      repagul
repandis                      repand
repararent                    reparare
reparari                      reparar
repellebant                   repelleba
repellebat                    repellebat
repellendos                   repellend
repellendum                   repellend
repellerent                   repellere
repelleret                    repelleret
repelleretur                  repelleretur
repelli                       repell
repellit                      repellit
repellunt                     repellu
repelluntur                   repelluntur
repens                        repens
repente                       repent
repentest                     repentest
repentina                     repentin
repentinae                    repentin
repentinam                    repentin
repentinas                    repentin
repentini                     repentin
repentinis                    repentin
repentino                     repentin
repentinos                    repentin
repentinum                    repentin
repentinus                    repentin
reperiebamus                  reperiebam
reperiebant                   reperieba
reperiebantur                 reperiebantur
reperiebat                    reperiebat
reperiebatur                  reperiebatur
reperiemus                    reperiem
reperiendi                    reperiend
reperire                      reperir
reperirent                    reperire
reperiri                      reperir
reperit                       reperit
reperitis                     reperit
reperiuntur                   reperiuntur
reperta                       repert
repertae                      repert
repertam                      repert
repetam                       repet
repete                        repet
repetebant                    repeteba
repetenda                     repetend
repetendae                    repetend
repetendam                    repetend
repetendas                    repetend
repetendoque                  repetend
repetendum                    repetend
repetens                      repetens
repetentes                    repetent
repetentibus                  repetent
repetentium                   repetenti
repetere                      repeter
repeterent                    repetere
repeterentur                  repeterentur
repeti                        repet
repetiimus                    repetiim
repetimus                     repetim
repetique                     repet
repetisse                     repetiss
repetita                      repetit
repetitae                     repetit
repetitis                     repetit
repetitum                     repetit
repetitumque                  repetit
repetiuerant                  repetiuera
repetunt                      repetu
repetuntur                    repetuntur
repleri                       repler
repleti                       replet
repletis                      replet
repleuit                      repleuit
replicatione                  replication
reponant                      repona
reponatur                     reponatur
reponebas                     reponeb
reponemus                     reponem
reponenti                     reponent
reponere                      reponer
reponi                        repon
reponit                       reponit
reponunt                      reponu
reportentur                   reportentur
reposcere                     reposcer
reposita                      reposit
repositos                     reposit
repositum                     reposit
repperisse                    repperiss
repperit                      repperit
reppulerunt                   reppuleru
repraesentatas                repraesentat
reprehendebatur               reprehendebatur
reprehendendum                reprehendend
reprehendetur                 reprehendetur
reprehendi                    reprehend
reprehendisse                 reprehendiss
reprehendunt                  reprehendu
reprehenduntur                reprehenduntur
reprehensans                  reprehensans
reprehensas                   reprehens
reprehensionem                reprehension
reprehensus                   reprehens
reprendenda                   reprendend
reprendendum                  reprendend
reprensoris                   reprensor
represserunt                  represseru
repressit                     repressit
reprimere                     reprimer
reprimi                       reprim
repudiandum                   repudiand
repudiarent                   repudiare
repudiatis                    repudiat
repudiemus                    repudiem
repugnante                    repugnant
repugnantem                   repugnant
repugnantes                   repugnant
repugno                       repugn
repulsa                       repuls
repulsae                      repuls
repulsam                      repuls
repulsi                       repuls
repulso                       repuls
repulsos                      repuls
repulsus                      repuls
reputa                        reput
requiescere                   requiescer
requiras                      requir
requirebat                    requirebat
requirendi                    requirend
requirentes                   requirent
requirere                     requirer
requireret                    requireret
requires                      requir
requirimus                    requirim
requirit                      requirit
requiro                       requir
requirunt                     requiru
rerum                         rer
rerumque                      rer
res                           res
rescindebant                  rescindeba
rescindendi                   rescindend
rescindi                      rescind
rescripserat                  rescripserat
resedissent                   resedisse
reseruat                      reseruat
reseruate                     reseruat
reservabo                     reseruab
reservant                     reserua
reservare                     reseruar
reservari                     reseruar
residem                       resid
residuas                      residu
residuo                       residu
resipiens                     resipiens
resistant                     resista
resistatur                    resistatur
resistebant                   resisteba
resistebat                    resistebat
resistendi                    resistend
resistendo                    resistend
resistendum                   resistend
resistentes                   resistent
resistentia                   resistent
resistentibus                 resistent
resistentium                  resistenti
resistere                     resister
resisterent                   resistere
resisteret                    resisteret
resisteretur                  resisteretur
resisti                       resist
resistitur                    resistitur
resistunt                     resistu
resonant                      resona
resonatur                     resonatur
respectansque                 respectans
respectante                   respectant
respectuque                   respect
respergerent                  respergere
respergit                     respergit
respersaque                   respers
respersos                     respers
respersusque                  respers
respexerit                    respexerit
respicere                     respicer
respicerent                   respicere
respiciant                    respicia
respiciatis                   respiciat
respiciebat                   respiciebat
respiciens                    respiciens
respirandi                    respirand
respirando                    respirand
respirare                     respirar
respiratione                  respiration
respiratu                     respirat
respiret                      respiret
respondeam                    responde
respondeant                   respondea
respondebat                   respondebat
respondebis                   respondeb
respondebo                    respondeb
respondendi                   respondend
respondendum                  respondend
respondent                    responde
respondere                    responder
responderene                  responderen
responderet                   responderet
responderetur                 responderetur
responderi                    responder
responderunt                  responderu
respondetur                   respondetur
respondissentque              respondisse
respondit                     respondit
responsa                      respons
responsi                      respons
responsis                     respons
responso                      respons
responsum                     respons
responsumque                  respons
respuebantur                  respuebantur
respuerit                     respuerit
resque                        res
restabat                      restabat
restagnat                     restagnat
restant                       resta
restari                       restar
restat                        restat
reste                         rest
restinguendum                 restinguend
restinguimus                  restinguim
restiterat                    restiterat
restitere                     restiter
restiterunt                   restiteru
restitisse                    restitiss
restitisset                   restitisset
restitit                      restitit
restituant                    restitua
restituatur                   restituatur
restituendam                  restituend
restituendis                  restituend
restituendo                   restituend
restituent                    restitue
restituere                    restituer
restituerentur                restituerentur
restitueret                   restitueret
restituerisque                restituer
restituerunt                  restitueru
restitui                      restitu
restituisse                   restituiss
restituit                     restituit
restituite                    restituit
restituitur                   restituitur
restituo                      restitu
restituta                     restitut
restitutam                    restitut
restituto                     restitut
restitutorem                  restitutor
restituunt                    restituu
resupinat                     resupinat
retardando                    retardand
retardantur                   retardantur
retardato                     retardat
rete                          ret
retenta                       retent
retentae                      retent
retenti                       retent
retentis                      retent
retentos                      retent
retentum                      retent
retenturum                    retentur
retentus                      retent
reticere                      reticer
retinendi                     retinend
retinendis                    retinend
retinendo                     retinend
retinendum                    retinend
retinent                      retine
retinente                     retinent
retinentur                    retinentur
retinere                      retiner
retinerent                    retinere
retineri                      retiner
retinet                       retinet
retinuit                      retinuit
retorqueri                    retorquer
retractante                   retractant
retractantem                  retractant
retractare                    retractar
retractarent                  retractare
retraheretur                  retraheretur
retraxissent                  retraxisse
retribui                      retribu
retro                         retr
retrorsum                     retrors
rettudit                      rettudit
rettulerant                   rettulera
rettulerat                    rettulerat
rettulere                     rettuler
rettulerint                   rettuleri
rettulerit                    rettulerit
rettulerunt                   rettuleru
rettulissent                  rettulisse
rettulisset                   rettulisset
rettulit                      rettulit
rettulitque                   rettulit
retuleris                     retuler
reuecta                       reuect
reuectus                      reuect
reueheretur                   reueheretur
reuellunt                     reuellu
reuerita                      reuerit
reuertar                      reuertar
reuertens                     reuertens
reuertentem                   reuertent
reuertentes                   reuertent
reuerti                       reuert
reuertuntur                   reuertuntur
reum                          re
reuocanda                     reuocand
reuocandam                    reuocand
reuocando                     reuocand
reuocandos                    reuocand
reuocantibus                  reuocant
reuocare                      reuocar
reuocaretis                   reuocaret
reuocatis                     reuocat
reuocatus                     reuocat
reuolui                       reuolu
reus                          re
reversione                    reuersion
reversurum                    reuersur
revertamur                    reuertamur
revertantur                   reuertantur
reverteretur                  reuerteretur
reverti                       reuert
revertit                      reuertit
revertitur                    reuertitur
revertuntur                   reuertuntur
revixisse                     reuixiss
revocabatur                   reuocabatur
revocandam                    reuocand
revocantur                    reuocantur
revocare                      reuocar
revocari                      reuocar
revocat                       reuocat
revocati                      reuocat
revocatis                     reuocat
revocatum                     reuocat
revocavit                     reuocauit
revocentur                    reuocentur
revocet                       reuocet
revolutus                     reuolut
revolvens                     reuoluens
rex                           rex
rhascypolis                   rhascypol
rhesus                        rhes
rhetore                       rhetor
rhetorem                      rhetor
rhetoricis                    rhetoric
rhodani                       rhodan
rhodi                         rhod
rhodiae                       rhodi
rhodias                       rhodi
rhodii                        rhod
rhodiis                       rhodi
rhodum                        rhod
rideat                        rideat
ridens                        ridens
rideri                        rider
ridiculi                      ridicul
rigabat                       rigabat
rigabis                       rigab
rigidis                       rigid
rinitimus                     rinitim
ripa                          rip
ripae                         rip
ripam                         rip
riparum                       ripar
ripas                         rip
ripis                         rip
ripisque                      rip
risui                         risu
risum                         ris
risus                         ris
rite                          rit
ritibus                       rit
ritu                          rit
ritus                         rit
riuis                         riu
riuos                         riu
riuosque                      riu
rivos                         riu
rivus                         riu
rixa                          rix
rixae                         rix
rixam                         rix
robore                        robor
roboris                       robor
robur                         robur
rogabantur                    rogabantur
rogabat                       rogabat
rogabo                        rogab
rogandis                      rogand
rogando                       rogand
roganti                       rogant
rogare                        rogar
rogarentur                    rogarentur
rogaret                       rogaret
rogaretur                     rogaretur
rogari                        rogar
rogatio                       rogati
rogatione                     rogation
rogationem                    rogation
rogationes                    rogation
rogationi                     rogation
rogationibus                  rogation
rogationis                    rogation
rogator                       rogator
rogatu                        rogat
rogatum                       rogat
rogatus                       rogat
rogauit                       rogauit
rogavi                        rogau
rogavit                       rogauit
roges                         rog
roget                         roget
rogitans                      rogitans
rogitansque                   rogitans
rogitantes                    rogitant
rogitantesque                 rogitant
rogitantibus                  rogitant
rogitantiumque                rogitanti
rogitare                      rogitar
rogitarent                    rogitare
rogitat                       rogitat
rogitavissent                 rogitauisse
rogum                         rog
roma                          rom
romae                         rom
romam                         rom
romamque                      rom
romana                        roman
romanae                       roman
romanam                       roman
romanamque                    roman
romanarum                     romanar
romanas                       roman
romane                        roman
romani                        roman
romanis                       roman
romanisque                    roman
romano                        roman
romanorum                     romanor
romanos                       roman
romanum                       roman
romanus                       roman
romilio                       romili
romilius                      romil
romularem                     romular
romule                        romul
romuli                        romul
romulique                     romul
romulo                        romul
romulum                       romul
romulumque                    romul
romulus                       romul
rorem                         ror
roscium                       rosci
roscius                       rosc
rostris                       rostr
rostro                        rostr
rostrorum                     rostror
ruat                          ruat
rubor                         rubor
ruborem                       rubor
rubra                         rubr
rubrius                       rubr
rubro                         rubr
rudem                         rud
rudes                         rud
rudimentumque                 rudiment
rudis                         rud
ruebant                       rueba
ruendo                        ruend
ruentium                      ruenti
ruere                         ruer
rufas                         ruf
rufi                          ruf
rufum                         ruf
rufus                         ruf
ruina                         ruin
ruinae                        ruin
ruinaque                      ruin
ruinas                        ruin
ruinis                        ruin
ruinisque                     ruin
ruit                          ruit
ruitis                        ruit
ruminalis                     ruminal
rumor                         rumor
rumores                       rumor
rumoribus                     rumor
rupere                        ruper
rupibus                       rup
rupit                         rupit
ruptas                        rupt
rupti                         rupt
rupto                         rupt
ruptor                        ruptor
ruptores                      ruptor
ruptum                        rupt
ruptura                       ruptur
rursum                        rurs
rursus                        rurs
rursusque                     rurs
rurusque                      rur
rustico                       rustic
rutenis                       ruten
rutili                        rutil
rutilio                       rutili
rutilius                      rutil
rutuli                        rutul
rutulique                     rutul
rutulis                       rutul
rutulo                        rutul
rutulorum                     rutulor
rutulos                       rutul
rutulum                       rutul
rutulus                       rutul
rutunda                       rutund
rutundi                       rutund
rutundo                       rutund
rutundum                      rutund
rutundus                      rutund
ruunt                         ruu
sabazia                       sabaz
sabina                        sabin
sabinae                       sabin
sabinas                       sabin
sabini                        sabin
sabinique                     sabin
sabinis                       sabin
sabino                        sabin
sabinoque                     sabin
sabinorum                     sabinor
sabinos                       sabin
sabinum                       sabin
sabinusque                    sabin
saburra                       saburr
saburrae                      saburr
saburram                      saburr
sacella                       sacell
sacellaque                    sacell
sacellisque                   sacell
sacello                       sacell
sacellorum                    sacellor
sacellum                      sacell
sacer                         sacer
sacerdos                      sacerd
sacerdotem                    sacerdot
sacerdotes                    sacerdot
sacerdotesque                 sacerdot
sacerdotia                    sacerdot
sacerdotibus                  sacerdot
sacerdotibusque               sacerdot
sacerdotiis                   sacerdoti
sacerdotio                    sacerdoti
sacerdotioque                 sacerdoti
sacerdotium                   sacerdoti
sacra                         sacr
sacram                        sacr
sacramenti                    sacrament
sacramento                    sacrament
sacramentum                   sacrament
sacrandoque                   sacrand
sacraque                      sacr
sacrarium                     sacrari
sacrata                       sacrat
sacratae                      sacrat
sacratam                      sacrat
sacratarumque                 sacratar
sacratas                      sacrat
sacratis                      sacrat
sacrativirum                  sacratiuir
sacratum                      sacrat
sacravit                      sacrauit
sacri                         sacr
sacrificandi                  sacrificand
sacrificando                  sacrificand
sacrificandum                 sacrificand
sacrificatio                  sacrificati
sacrificia                    sacrific
sacrificiis                   sacrifici
sacrificiisque                sacrifici
sacrificio                    sacrifici
sacrificium                   sacrifici
sacrificolum                  sacrificol
sacrilegis                    sacrileg
sacrilegium                   sacrilegi
sacrique                      sacr
sacris                        sacr
sacro                         sacr
sacrorum                      sacror
sacrosanctae                  sacrosanct
sacrosanctam                  sacrosanct
sacrosancti                   sacrosanct
sacrosanctos                  sacrosanct
sacrosanctum                  sacrosanct
sacrum                        sacr
sacrumque                     sacr
sadalam                       sadal
saecla                        saecl
saeclis                       saecl
saeclorum                     saeclor
saecula                       saecul
saeculis                      saecul
saeculum                      saecul
saepe                         saep
saepiae                       saepi
saepibus                      saep
saepissime                    saepissim
saepiunt                      saepiu
saepiuntur                    saepiuntur
saepius                       saep
saepserant                    saepsera
saepsit                       saepsit
saepta                        saept
saepti                        saept
saeptis                       saept
saeptos                       saept
saeptum                       saept
saeptus                       saept
saeuam                        saeu
saeuiant                      saeuia
saeuiebant                    saeuieba
saeuiebatur                   saeuiebatur
saeuientem                    saeuient
saeuire                       saeuir
saeuiret                      saeuiret
saeuite                       saeuit
saeuitia                      saeuit
saeuitum                      saeuit
saeuo                         saeu
saeuoque                      saeu
saevi                         saeu
saevitiam                     saeuiti
saevitum                      saeuit
saeviturum                    saeuitur
saevum                        saeu
sagacitas                     sagacit
sagacitate                    sagacitat
sagis                         sag
sagittarii                    sagittar
sagittariis                   sagittari
sagittariorum                 sagittarior
sagittarios                   sagittari
sagittarum                    sagittar
sagittas                      sagitt
sagittis                      sagitt
sagmina                       sagmin
sagra                         sagr
sagram                        sagr
saietae                       saiet
salaria                       salar
sale                          sal
salem                         sal
salii                         sal
salinae                       salin
salinas                       salin
salinis                       salin
salios                        sali
salis                         sal
salluuiique                   salluu
sallyas                       sally
salo                          sal
salonas                       salon
salonis                       salon
salsum                        sals
saltatu                       saltat
saltem                        salt
saltu                         salt
saltum                        salt
saltus                        salt
salua                         salu
saluam                        salu
saluberrimam                  saluberrim
saluberrimis                  saluberrim
saluberrimos                  saluberrim
saluberrimum                  saluberrim
salubrem                      salubr
salubres                      salubr
salubri                       salubr
salubria                      salubr
salubriora                    salubrior
salubriorem                   salubrior
salubriter                    salubriter
salue                         salu
saluere                       saluer
salui                         salu
saluis                        salu
saluo                         salu
saluos                        salu
salus                         sal
salutandum                    salutand
salutans                      salutans
salutare                      salutar
salutarem                     salutar
salutares                     salutar
salutari                      salutar
salutaria                     salutar
salutaribus                   salutar
salutaris                     salutar
salutarium                    salutari
salutarius                    salutar
salutassent                   salutasse
salutationem                  salutation
salutauerit                   salutauerit
salute                        salut
salutem                       salut
saluti                        salut
salutis                       salut
saluum                        salu
salva                         salu
salvae                        salu
salvi                         salu
salvis                        salu
salvos                        salu
salvum                        salu
sami                          sam
samium                        sami
samnitibus                    samnit
samothracam                   samothrac
samothraciam                  samothraci
sanae                         san
sanandas                      sanand
sanare                        sanar
sanarentur                    sanarentur
sanata                        sanat
sanciantur                    sanciantur
sanciendo                     sanciend
sanciendum                    sanciend
sanciret                      sanciret
sanciri                       sancir
sancitis                      sancit
sancta                        sanct
sanctam                       sanct
sanctas                       sanct
sancte                        sanct
sancteque                     sanct
sancti                        sanct
sanctiore                     sanctior
sanctissime                   sanctissim
sanctissimis                  sanctissim
sanctissimus                  sanctissim
sanctissume                   sanctissum
sanctitas                     sanctit
sanctitate                    sanctitat
sanctius                      sanct
sanctoque                     sanct
sanctos                       sanct
sanctum                       sanct
sane                          san
sanguine                      sanguin
sanguineam                    sanguine
sanguinem                     sanguin
sanguini                      sanguin
sanguinis                     sanguin
sanguis                       sangu
sanitatemque                  sanitat
sanitatis                     sanitat
sano                          san
sanxisse                      sanxiss
sapiens                       sapiens
sapiensque                    sapiens
sapientem                     sapient
sapientemque                  sapient
sapienter                     sapienter
sapientes                     sapient
sapientesque                  sapient
sapientia                     sapient
sapientiae                    sapienti
sapientiam                    sapienti
sapientibus                   sapient
sapientis                     sapient
sapientissimis                sapientissim
sapientissimus                sapientissim
sapientium                    sapienti
sapientiumne                  sapientiumn
sapientius                    sapient
sappinates                    sappinat
sappinati                     sappinat
sappinatibus                  sappinat
sarciendae                    sarciend
sarcinaria                    sarcinar
sarcinarum                    sarcinar
sarcinas                      sarcin
sarcinis                      sarcin
sarcire                       sarcir
sarciretur                    sarciretur
sardinia                      sardin
sardiniam                     sardini
sasa                          sas
sasonis                       sason
sat                           sat
sata                          sat
satellites                    satellit
satellitesque                 satellit
sati                          sat
satias                        sati
satiatusque                   satiat
satietas                      satiet
satin                         satin
satis                         sat
satisfacere                   satisfacer
satisfactum                   satisfact
satisfiat                     satisfiat
satisne                       satisn
satisque                      sat
satius                        sat
sator                         sator
satricum                      satric
saturantur                    saturantur
saturaretur                   saturaretur
saturat                       saturat
saturnalia                    saturnal
saturni                       saturn
saturnini                     saturnin
saturno                       saturn
saturnum                      saturn
saturnus                      saturn
satyri                        satyr
sauciis                       sauci
saucio                        sauci
sauciorum                     saucior
saucios                       sauci
saxa                          sax
saxeam                        saxe
saxi                          sax
saxis                         sax
saxisque                      sax
saxo                          sax
saxorum                       saxor
saxum                         sax
scabie                        scabi
scaena                        scaen
scaeuolae                     scaeuol
scaevae                       scaeu
scaevola                      scaeuol
scaevolam                     scaeuol
scalas                        scal
scalis                        scal
scalpendum                    scalpend
scandentem                    scandent
scandere                      scander
scanderent                    scandere
scandet                       scandet
scapha                        scaph
scaphae                       scaph
scaphas                       scaph
scaphis                       scaph
scaptione                     scaption
scaptium                      scapti
scaptius                      scapt
scauro                        scaur
scelera                       sceler
scelerata                     scelerat
sceleratissimis               sceleratissim
sceleratorum                  scelerator
sceleratum                    scelerat
scelere                       sceler
sceleri                       sceler
sceleribus                    sceler
sceleris                      sceler
scelerum                      sceler
scelestiorem                  scelestior
scelesto                      scelest
scelestus                     scelest
scelus                        scel
scenae                        scen
schola                        schol
sciam                         sci
sciant                        scia
sciantque                     scia
sciat                         sciat
sciatis                       sciat
sciebant                      scieba
sciebat                       sciebat
scienter                      scienter
scientes                      scient
scientia                      scient
scientiam                     scienti
sciere                        scier
scierit                       scierit
sciet                         sciet
scilicet                      scilicet
scimus                        scim
scio                          sci
scipio                        scipi
scipione                      scipion
scipionem                     scipion
scipionemque                  scipion
scipiones                     scipion
scipioni                      scipion
scipionis                     scipion
scire                         scir
scirem                        scir
scirent                       scire
sciret                        sciret
sciretque                     sciret
sciri                         scir
scis                          sc
sciscerent                    sciscere
sciscitabar                   sciscitabar
sciscitandi                   sciscitand
sciscitando                   sciscitand
sciscitandoque                sciscitand
sciscitandumque               sciscitand
sciscitantibus                sciscitant
sciscitari                    sciscitar
sciscitatum                   sciscitat
sciscitor                     sciscitor
scissa                        sciss
scissaque                     sciss
scissem                       sciss
scissent                      scisse
scita                         scit
scite                         scit
scitis                        scit
scito                         scit
scitum                        scit
scituros                      scitur
sciuisset                     sciuisset
sciuit                        sciuit
sciunt                        sciu
scopulos                      scopul
scorpios                      scorpi
scorta                        scort
scriba                        scrib
scribam                       scrib
scribant                      scriba
scribarum                     scribar
scribendarum                  scribendar
scribendi                     scribend
scribendis                    scribend
scribendo                     scribend
scribendum                    scribend
scribere                      scriber
scriberentur                  scriberentur
scriberet                     scriberet
scribi                        scrib
scribit                       scribit
scribitur                     scribitur
scriboni                      scribon
scribonius                    scribon
scribunt                      scribu
scripserat                    scripserat
scripsere                     scripser
scripserit                    scripserit
scripsimus                    scripsim
scripsit                      scripsit
scripta                       script
scriptae                      script
scriptaque                    script
scripti                       script
scriptis                      script
scripto                       script
scriptores                    scriptor
scriptoribus                  scriptor
scriptorum                    scriptor
scriptos                      script
scriptum                      script
scrutantur                    scrutantur
scuta                         scut
scutatae                      scutat
scutis                        scut
scuto                         scut
scutoque                      scut
scutulis                      scutul
scutulo                       scutul
scutum                        scut
scyllae                       scyll
scythiam                      scythi
se                            se
secari                        secar
secedat                       secedat
secedunt                      secedu
secernere                     secerner
secernerent                   secernere
secerneretur                  secerneretur
secesserit                    secesserit
secessio                      secessi
secessione                    secession
secessionem                   secession
secessionis                   secession
secessionisque                secession
secessisse                    secessiss
secessissentque               secessisse
secius                        sec
seclusam                      seclus
seclusit                      seclusit
seclusum                      seclus
secreta                       secret
secretam                      secret
secretis                      secret
secreto                       secret
secretum                      secret
secretus                      secret
secum                         sec
secunda                       secund
secundae                      secund
secundaeque                   secund
secundam                      secund
secundaque                    secund
secundas                      secund
secundi                       secund
secundis                      secund
secundisque                   secund
secundissumo                  secundissum
secundo                       secund
secundum                      secund
secundus                      secund
secuntur                      secuntur
securem                       secur
secures                       secur
securesque                    secur
securi                        secur
securibus                     secur
securim                       securim
securique                     secur
securitate                    securitat
secus                         sec
secuta                        secut
secutae                       secut
secuti                        secut
secutique                     secut
secutis                       secut
secutos                       secut
secutum                       secut
secuturos                     secutur
secuturum                     secutur
secutus                       secut
secutusque                    secut
sed                           sed
sedabant                      sedaba
sedandae                      sedand
sedando                       sedand
sedandos                      sedand
sedans                        sedans
sedari                        sedar
sedasse                       sedass
sedata                        sedat
sedato                        sedat
sedatoque                     sedat
sedauere                      sedauer
sedauit                       sedauit
sede                          sed
sedem                         sed
sedemque                      sed
sedemus                       sedem
sedendoque                    sedend
sedens                        sedens
sedente                       sedent
sedentem                      sedent
sedentes                      sedent
sedenti                       sedent
sedere                        seder
sedes                         sed
sedesque                      sed
sedet                         sedet
sedibus                       sed
sedisse                       sediss
seditio                       sediti
seditione                     sedition
seditionem                    sedition
seditiones                    sedition
seditioni                     sedition
seditionibus                  sedition
seditionis                    sedition
seditionum                    sedition
seditiosa                     seditios
seditiosae                    seditios
seditiose                     seditios
seditiosi                     seditios
seditiosis                    seditios
seditiosissimum               seditiosissim
seditioso                     seditios
seditiosos                    seditios
seditiosus                    seditios
seducit                       seducit
seductaque                    seduct
sedulo                        sedul
sedum                         sed
seges                         seg
segetem                       seget
segetes                       seget
segetibus                     seget
segne                         segn
segnes                        segn
segnior                       segnior
segniores                     segnior
segnis                        segn
segniter                      segniter
segnius                       segn
segoueso                      segoues
segouesum                     segoues
segregaret                    segregaret
segregari                     segregar
seiunctum                     seiunct
seiunget                      seiunget
selectis                      select
selibras                      selibr
sella                         sell
sellam                        sell
sellas                        sell
sellis                        sell
semel                         semel
semela                        semel
semen                         semen
semenstri                     semenstr
sementim                      sementim
semestri                      semestr
semestris                     semestr
semet                         semet
semianime                     semianim
semianimem                    semianim
semifero                      semifer
semina                        semin
seminane                      seminan
seminator                     seminator
semine                        semin
seminibus                     semin
seminis                       semin
seminum                       semin
semirutae                     semirut
semoto                        semot
semper                        semper
semperque                     semper
sempiterna                    sempitern
sempiternam                   sempitern
sempiternis                   sempitern
sempiternum                   sempitern
sempiternus                   sempitern
semproni                      sempron
sempronianae                  sempronian
sempronio                     semproni
sempronium                    semproni
semproniumque                 semproni
sempronius                    sempron
senae                         sen
senator                       senator
senatore                      senator
senatorem                     senator
senatores                     senator
senatoribus                   senator
senatorii                     senator
senatoris                     senator
senatorum                     senator
senatorumque                  senator
senatu                        senat
senatui                       senatu
senatum                       senat
senatumque                    senat
senatus                       senat
senatusconsulta               senatusconsult
senatusconsulto               senatusconsult
senatusconusulto              senatusconusult
senatusque                    senat
senecta                       senect
senectus                      senect
senectutem                    senectut
senectuti                     senectut
senem                         sen
senes                         sen
senescenti                    senescent
senescentibus                 senescent
senescentis                   senescent
senescere                     senescer
senesceret                    senesceret
senescit                      senescit
senex                         senex
seni                          sen
senibus                       sen
senili                        senil
senior                        senior
seniores                      senior
senioribus                    senior
seniorum                      senior
seniorumque                   senior
senis                         sen
senones                       senon
senserant                     sensera
senserat                      senserat
sensere                       senser
senserint                     senseri
senserunt                     senseru
sensi                         sens
sensibus                      sens
sensim                        sensim
sensimus                      sensim
sensisse                      sensiss
sensissent                    sensisse
sensisset                     sensisset
sensistis                     sensist
sensit                        sensit
sensu                         sens
sensum                        sens
sensuque                      sens
sensuras                      sensur
sensurus                      sensur
sensus                        sens
sensuum                       sensu
sententia                     sentent
sententiae                    sententi
sententiam                    sententi
sententiarum                  sententiar
sententias                    sententi
sententiasque                 sententi
sententiast                   sententiast
sententiis                    sententi
sentiam                       senti
sentiamus                     sentiam
sentiant                      sentia
sentias                       senti
sentiat                       sentiat
sentiatur                     sentiatur
sentiendo                     sentiend
sentiens                      sentiens
sentientes                    sentient
sentienti                     sentient
sentimus                      sentim
sentinae                      sentin
sentio                        senti
sentire                       sentir
sentiret                      sentiret
sentiretur                    sentiretur
sentit                        sentit
sentitis                      sentit
sentiunt                      sentiu
sentiuntur                    sentiuntur
senum                         sen
seorsum                       seors
separantur                    separantur
separatim                     separatim
sepeliendi                    sepeliend
sepeliendos                   sepeliend
seposita                      seposit
seposuit                      seposuit
sepse                         seps
septem                        sept
septena                       septen
septendecim                   septendecim
septentrionem                 septentrion
septentriones                 septentrion
septiens                      septiens
septimam                      septim
septimamque                   septim
septimii                      septim
septimio                      septimi
septimium                     septimi
septimo                       septim
septimum                      septim
septingenta                   septingent
septingentos                  septingent
septuaginta                   septuagint
septunces                     septunc
sepulcra                      sepulcr
sepulcrum                     sepulcr
sepultam                      sepult
sepultos                      sepult
sepultura                     sepultur
sepulturae                    sepultur
sepulturam                    sepultur
sepultus                      sepult
sequamini                     sequamin
sequantur                     sequantur
sequar                        sequar
sequare                       sequar
sequatur                      sequatur
seque                         se
sequebantur                   sequebantur
sequebatur                    sequebatur
sequendi                      sequend
sequendique                   sequend
sequendum                     sequend
sequens                       sequens
sequente                      sequent
sequentes                     sequent
sequentesque                  sequent
sequentibus                   sequent
sequentis                     sequent
sequentium                    sequenti
sequere                       sequer
sequerentur                   sequerentur
sequeretur                    sequeretur
sequi                         sequ
sequimini                     sequimin
sequique                      sequ
sequitur                      sequitur
sequius                       sequ
sequnntur                     sequnntur
sequor                        sequor
sequuntur                     sequuntur
ser                           ser
sera                          ser
serae                         ser
serant                        sera
serapim                       serapim
serapion                      serapion
seras                         ser
serena                        seren
serendi                       serend
serendum                      serend
serenitas                     serenit
serentem                      serent
serentes                      serent
serere                        serer
sererent                      serere
sergi                         serg
sergiis                       sergi
sergio                        sergi
sergium                       sergi
sergius                       serg
seria                         ser
seriesque                     seri
serimus                       serim
serio                         seri
seriphi                       seriph
serissime                     serissim
serius                        ser
sermo                         serm
sermone                       sermon
sermonem                      sermon
sermones                      sermon
sermoni                       sermon
sermonibus                    sermon
sermonibusque                 sermon
sermonis                      sermon
sermonum                      sermon
sero                          ser
serpant                       serpa
serpat                        serpat
serpendo                      serpend
serpens                       serpens
serpentem                     serpent
serpentes                     serpent
serpentium                    serpenti
serperet                      serperet
serpet                        serpet
serpit                        serpit
sertorio                      sertori
serua                         seru
seruabant                     seruaba
seruabat                      seruabat
seruam                        seru
seruamque                     seru
seruandaeque                  seruand
seruandi                      seruand
seruaque                      seru
seruare                       seruar
seruarent                     seruare
seruassent                    seruasse
seruata                       seruat
seruatam                      seruat
seruatum                      seruat
seruaturum                    seruatur
seruatus                      seruat
seruauerant                   seruauera
seruauit                      seruauit
seruavit                      seruauit
serui                         seru
seruiendumque                 seruiend
seruientem                    seruient
seruierant                    seruiera
seruilem                      seruil
seruili                       seruil
seruilio                      seruili
seruilios                     seruili
seruilis                      seruil
seruilium                     seruili
seruilius                     seruil
seruiliusque                  seruil
seruio                        serui
seruique                      seru
seruire                       seruir
seruiret                      seruiret
seruis                        seru
seruitia                      seruit
seruitiaque                   seruit
seruitiique                   seruit
seruitiis                     seruiti
seruitio                      seruiti
seruitiorum                   seruitior
seruitium                     seruiti
seruitiumque                  seruiti
seruitus                      seruit
seruitute                     seruitut
seruitutem                    seruitut
seruitutis                    seruitut
seruium                       serui
seruius                       seru
serum                         ser
seruorum                      seruor
seruos                        seru
seruum                        seru
seruus                        seru
serva                         seru
servabat                      seruabat
servans                       seruans
servant                       serua
servantur                     seruantur
servare                       seruar
servarent                     seruare
servaretur                    seruaretur
servari                       seruar
servarunt                     seruaru
servasse                      seruass
serventur                     seruentur
serviebant                    seruieba
servilius                     seruil
servis                        seru
servisse                      seruiss
serviunt                      seruiu
servolum                      seruol
servorum                      seruor
servos                        seru
servosque                     seru
sescenarias                   sescenari
sescenta                      sescent
sescenti                      sescent
sese                          ses
seselis                       sesel
seseque                       ses
sessio                        sessi
sessum                        sess
sestio                        sesti
sestium                       sesti
sestius                       sest
seu                           se
seuerissimi                   seuerissim
seueritate                    seueritat
seuerum                       seuer
severius                      seuer
sevocare                      seuocar
sevoco                        seuoc
sex                           sex
sexagensimus                  sexagensim
sexaginta                     sexagint
sexenni                       sexenn
sexiens                       sexiens
sexta                         sext
sextantibus                   sextant
sextiles                      sextil
sextilibus                    sextil
sextio                        sexti
sexto                         sext
sextum                        sext
sextus                        sext
sfairan                       sfairan
si                            si
sibi                          sib
sibimet                       sibimet
sibique                       sib
sibyllae                      sibyll
sibyllini                     sibyllin
sibyllinis                    sibyllin
sic                           sic
sicae                         sic
siccat                        siccat
sicci                         sicc
siccitas                      siccit
siccitate                     siccitat
siccium                       sicci
sicciumque                    sicci
siccius                       sicc
sicco                         sicc
sicilia                       sicil
siciliae                      sicili
siciliam                      sicili
siciliensi                    siciliens
sicinio                       sicini
sicinium                      sicini
sicinius                      sicin
sicori                        sicor
sicorim                       sicorim
sicoris                       sicor
sicubi                        sicub
siculo                        sicul
siculorum                     siculor
siculum                       sicul
siculus                       sicul
sicut                         sicut
sicuti                        sicut
sidera                        sider
sidere                        sider
sideribus                     sider
sideribusque                  sider
siderum                       sider
siderumque                    sider
sigilla                       sigill
signa                         sign
signaque                      sign
signatum                      signat
signi                         sign
signia                        sign
signiam                       signi
signifer                      signifer
signiferi                     signifer
signiferis                    signifer
signiferos                    signifer
signiferum                    signifer
signiferumque                 signifer
significabant                 significaba
significant                   significa
significante                  significant
significantes                 significant
significare                   significar
significaret                  significaret
significari                   significar
significat                    significat
significatio                  significati
significatione                signification
significationibus             signification
significatis                  significat
significetur                  significetur
signis                        sign
signisque                     sign
signo                         sign
signoque                      sign
signorum                      signor
signum                        sign
silentio                      silenti
silentioque                   silenti
silentium                     silenti
silice                        silic
silius                        sil
sillim                        sillim
silos                         sil
silua                         silu
siluae                        silu
siluam                        silu
siluani                       siluan
siluas                        silu
siluasque                     silu
siluis                        silu
silvam                        silu
silvani                       siluan
silvestres                    siluestr
silvestri                     siluestr
silvestribus                  siluestr
silvestrium                   siluestri
silviae                       silui
silviis                       silui
silvium                       silui
silvius                       silu
sim                           sim
simia                         sim
simile                        simil
similem                       simil
similes                       simil
simili                        simil
similia                       simil
similibusque                  simil
similior                      similior
similiora                     similior
similique                     simil
similis                       simil
similiter                     similiter
similitudine                  similitudin
similitudinem                 similitudin
similitudines                 similitudin
similitudo                    similitud
similium                      simili
similius                      simil
simillimis                    simillim
simillimos                    simillim
simillimum                    simillim
simillumae                    simillum
simillumarum                  simillumar
simonide                      simonid
simoniden                     simoniden
simplex                       simplex
simplexque                    simplex
simul                         simul
simulabant                    simulaba
simulabat                     simulabat
simulacra                     simulacr
simulacris                    simulacr
simulacrorum                  simulacror
simulacrum                    simulacr
simulanda                     simuland
simulando                     simuland
simulantes                    simulant
simularet                     simularet
simulat                       simulat
simulate                      simulat
simulatio                     simulati
simulatione                   simulation
simulationem                  simulation
simulationis                  simulation
simulato                      simulat
simulatque                    simulat
simulatum                     simulat
simulavit                     simulauit
simuletur                     simuletur
simulque                      simul
simultas                      simult
simultates                    simultat
simultatium                   simultati
simultatiumque                simultati
simus                         sim
sin                           sin
sinant                        sina
sinas                         sin
sinat                         sinat
sinatis                       sinat
sinceram                      sincer
sinceri                       sincer
sine                          sin
sinebant                      sineba
sinebat                       sinebat
sinendo                       sinend
sinerent                      sinere
sineret                       sineret
sineretque                    sineret
singula                       singul
singulae                      singul
singulaque                    singul
singularem                    singular
singulares                    singular
singulari                     singular
singulas                      singul
singulasque                   singul
singuli                       singul
singulis                      singul
singulisque                   singul
singulorum                    singulor
singulos                      singul
sinis                         sin
sinistra                      sinistr
sinistraque                   sinistr
sinistras                     sinistr
sinistris                     sinistr
sinistro                      sinistr
sinistrum                     sinistr
sinitis                       sinit
sint                          si
sintne                        sintn
sinu                          sin
sinum                         sin
sinunt                        sinu
sinuque                       sin
sinus                         sin
siquidem                      siquid
siris                         sir
sis                           sis
sissent                       sisse
sistatur                      sistatur
siste                         sist
sistendamque                  sistend
sisterent                     sistere
sisti                         sist
sistit                        sistit
sit                           sit
sita                          sit
sitam                         sit
sitellam                      sitell
siti                          sit
sitientem                     sitient
sitique                       sit
sitis                         sit
sitne                         sitn
sitque                        sit
situ                          sit
situm                         sit
situque                       sit
situs                         sit
siue                          siu
sive                          siu
socer                         socer
soceri                        socer
socerum                       socer
socia                         soc
sociales                      social
sociali                       social
societas                      societ
societate                     societat
societatem                    societat
societates                    societat
societatis                    societat
societatum                    societat
societur                      societur
socii                         soc
sociique                      soc
sociis                        soci
socio                         soci
sociorum                      socior
socios                        soci
socium                        soci
socius                        soc
socordius                     socord
socrate                       socrat
socratem                      socrat
socrates                      socrat
socratico                     socratic
socrum                        socr
sodalesque                    sodal
sodalis                       sodal
sodalium                      sodali
sodaliumque                   sodali
sol                           sol
sola                          sol
solacia                       solac
solacium                      solaci
solam                         sol
solamne                       solamn
solarium                      solari
solas                         sol
solatio                       solati
solatium                      solati
sole                          sol
soleamus                      soleam
soleant                       solea
soleat                        soleat
solebat                       solebat
solem                         sol
solemus                       solem
solent                        sole
soleo                         sole
solere                        soler
solerentne                    solerentn
soleret                       soleret
soles                         sol
solet                         solet
soletis                       solet
soli                          sol
solida                        solid
solidam                       solid
solidi                        solid
solidis                       solid
soliditate                    soliditat
soliditatem                   soliditat
solido                        solid
solidum                       solid
solis                         sol
solisque                      sol
solita                        solit
solitaria                     solitar
soliti                        solit
solito                        solit
solitos                       solit
solitudine                    solitudin
solitudinem                   solitudin
solitudines                   solitudin
solitudo                      solitud
solitum                       solit
solitus                       solit
solium                        soli
sollemne                      sollemn
sollemnem                     sollemn
sollemnes                     sollemn
sollemni                      sollemn
sollemnia                     sollemn
sollemnibus                   sollemn
sollemnique                   sollemn
sollemnis                     sollemn
sollemniter                   sollemniter
sollemnium                    sollemni
sollers                       sollers
sollertem                     sollert
sollertia                     sollert
sollertiam                    sollerti
sollertiamque                 sollerti
sollertisque                  sollert
sollertius                    sollert
sollicita                     sollicit
sollicitabat                  sollicitabat
sollicitae                    sollicit
sollicitam                    sollicit
sollicitamque                 sollicit
sollicitandam                 sollicitand
sollicitandi                  sollicitand
sollicitandos                 sollicitand
sollicitandum                 sollicitand
sollicitant                   sollicita
sollicitarentur               sollicitarentur
sollicitaret                  sollicitaret
sollicitati                   sollicitat
sollicitatis                  sollicitat
sollicitato                   sollicitat
solliciti                     sollicit
sollicitudine                 sollicitudin
sollicitudinem                sollicitudin
sollicitudines                sollicitudin
sollicitudo                   sollicitud
sollicitum                    sollicit
sollicitumque                 sollicit
solo                          sol
solonis                       solon
solos                         sol
solstitiali                   solstitial
solstitii                     solstit
solstitiis                    solstiti
soluendum                     soluend
soluerentur                   soluerentur
soluerunt                     solueru
solui                         solu
soluit                        soluit
solum                         sol
solus                         sol
soluta                        solut
soluti                        solut
solutionibus                  solution
solutior                      solutior
solutiore                     solutior
solutique                     solut
solutis                       solut
solutum                       solut
solvantur                     soluantur
solvendae                     soluend
solverant                     soluera
solverentur                   soluerentur
solverunt                     solueru
solvit                        soluit
solvunt                       soluu
somni                         somn
somnia                        somn
somniis                       somni
somniorum                     somnior
somnis                        somn
somnium                       somni
somno                         somn
somnoque                      somn
sonantes                      sonant
sonat                         sonat
sonitu                        sonit
sonitus                       sonit
sono                          son
sonorum                       sonor
sonos                         son
sonte                         sont
sontes                        sont
sonuerunt                     sonueru
sonum                         son
sonus                         son
sophistes                     sophist
sopitique                     sopit
sopitum                       sopit
sopor                         sopor
sordere                       sorder
sordibus                      sord
sordida                       sordid
sordidas                      sordid
sordidati                     sordidat
sordidatos                    sordidat
sordidatus                    sordidat
sordidissimo                  sordidissim
sordido                       sordid
sordium                       sordi
soror                         soror
sorore                        soror
sororem                       soror
sorores                       soror
sororesque                    soror
sororis                       soror
sororium                      sorori
sors                          sors
sorte                         sort
sortem                        sort
sortes                        sort
sortesque                     sort
sorti                         sort
sortibus                      sort
sortiri                       sortir
sortis                        sort
sortitae                      sortit
sortiti                       sortit
sortium                       sorti
sosius                        sos
sospitam                      sospit
sospites                      sospit
sospitesque                   sospit
sospitet                      sospitet
sp                            sp
sparsum                       spars
spartae                       spart
spartam                       spart
spatia                        spat
spatii                        spat
spatiis                       spati
spatio                        spati
spatiorum                     spatior
spatium                       spati
spatiumque                    spati
spe                           sp
specie                        speci
speciem                       speci
species                       speci
speciesque                    speci
specillum                     specill
specimen                      specimen
speciosa                      specios
speciosam                     specios
speciosi                      specios
spectabant                    spectaba
spectabat                     spectabat
spectacula                    spectacul
spectaculi                    spectacul
spectaculo                    spectacul
spectaculoque                 spectacul
spectaculum                   spectacul
spectans                      spectans
spectantes                    spectant
spectare                      spectar
spectata                      spectat
spectatae                     spectat
spectatissimum                spectatissim
spectator                     spectator
spectatores                   spectator
spectatos                     spectat
spectavere                    spectauer
spectavisset                  spectauisset
specu                         spec
speculatorem                  speculator
speculatores                  speculator
speculatoribus                speculator
speculatrices                 speculatric
speculatum                    speculat
specus                        spec
spei                          spe
speique                       spe
spelunca                      spelunc
speluncam                     spelunc
speluncarum                   speluncar
spem                          sp
sperabat                      sperabat
speramus                      speram
sperandam                     sperand
sperandum                     sperand
sperandus                     sperand
sperans                       sperans
sperantes                     sperant
sperare                       sperar
sperarent                     sperare
sperasse                      sperass
sperassent                    sperasse
sperasset                     sperasset
sperati                       sperat
speraturos                    speratur
sperauerant                   sperauera
speravissent                  sperauisse
sperent                       spere
speret                        speret
speretur                      speretur
spernebant                    sperneba
spernendos                    spernend
spernentibus                  spernent
spernere                      sperner
sperneres                     sperner
sperni                        spern
spernunt                      spernu
spero                         sper
spes                          sp
speusippus                    speusipp
sphaera                       sphaer
sphaerae                      sphaer
sphaeram                      sphaer
spiculis                      spicul
spiculo                       spicul
spicum                        spic
spinis                        spin
spinonem                      spinon
spinther                      spinther
spintherque                   spinther
spirabilem                    spirabil
spirabilique                  spirabil
spirantem                     spirant
spirare                       spirar
spiratis                      spirat
spiritu                       spirit
spiritum                      spirit
spiritus                      spirit
spiritusque                   spirit
splendenti                    splendent
splendidissimis               splendidissim
splendidus                    splendid
splendore                     splendor
spolia                        spol
spoliandum                    spoliand
spoliaque                     spol
spoliare                      spoliar
spoliari                      spoliar
spoliat                       spoliat
spoliata                      spoliat
spoliatique                   spoliat
spoliatis                     spoliat
spoliatum                     spoliat
spoliis                       spoli
spoliorum                     spolior
spondeat                      spondeat
spondendum                    spondend
spondentibus                  spondent
spondere                      sponder
spondet                       spondet
spongiis                      spongi
sponsa                        spons
sponsam                       spons
sponsi                        spons
sponsique                     spons
sponsoresque                  sponsor
sponsorum                     sponsor
sponsum                       spons
sponsus                       spons
sponte                        spont
spreta                        spret
spretaque                     spret
spreti                        spret
spretis                       spret
spreto                        spret
spretos                       spret
spretum                       spret
spretus                       spret
spuma                         spum
spurillium                    spurilli
squalore                      squalor
squama                        squam
squamoso                      squamos
squilla                       squill
stabant                       staba
stabat                        stabat
staberius                     staber
stabilem                      stabil
stabili                       stabil
stabiliaque                   stabil
stabiliendae                  stabiliend
stabilimen                    stabilimen
stabilire                     stabilir
stabiliri                     stabilir
stabilis                      stabil
stabilitatem                  stabilitat
stabula                       stabul
stabulis                      stabul
stagnis                       stagn
stando                        stand
stante                        stant
stantem                       stant
stantibus                     stant
stare                         star
starent                       stare
staret                        staret
stati                         stat
statim                        statim
statimque                     statim
statio                        stati
statione                      station
stationem                     station
stationes                     station
stationesque                  station
stationibus                   station
stationibusque                station
statiua                       statiu
statiuis                      statiu
statiuisque                   statiu
stativis                      statiu
statori                       stator
statoris                      stator
statu                         stat
statua                        statu
statuae                       statu
statuam                       statu
statue                        statu
statuerant                    statuera
statuerat                     statuerat
statuetis                     statuet
statui                        statu
statuisse                     statuiss
statuit                       statuit
statum                        stat
statumina                     statumin
staturum                      statur
status                        stat
statuunt                      statuu
stelarum                      stelar
stella                        stell
stellae                       stell
stellaque                     stell
stellarum                     stellar
stellas                       stell
stellasque                    stell
stellis                       stell
stephanen                     stephanen
steremnia                     steremn
sterneret                     sterneret
sternuntur                    sternuntur
steterant                     stetera
steterat                      steterat
steterunt                     steteru
steti                         stet
stetisse                      stetiss
stetissent                    stetisse
stetisset                     stetisset
stetit                        stetit
stetitque                     stetit
stilbwn                       stilbwn
stimulabat                    stimulabat
stimulante                    stimulant
stimulare                     stimular
stimularet                    stimularet
stimulat                      stimulat
stimulet                      stimulet
stimulis                      stimul
stipatus                      stipat
stipendia                     stipend
stipendii                     stipend
stipendiis                    stipendi
stipendio                     stipendi
stipendioque                  stipendi
stipendium                    stipendi
stipendiumque                 stipendi
stipis                        stip
stipitesque                   stipit
stirpe                        stirp
stirpem                       stirp
stirpes                       stirp
stirpi                        stirp
stirpibus                     stirp
stirpis                       stirp
stirpium                      stirpi
stoici                        stoic
stoicis                       stoic
stoicorum                     stoicor
stoicos                       stoic
stolida                       stolid
stomachabatur                 stomachabatur
stomachi                      stomach
stomacho                      stomach
stomachus                     stomach
storiarum                     storiar
storias                       stori
storiasque                    stori
strabones                     strabon
strage                        strag
stragem                       strag
strages                       strag
stramento                     strament
stratae                       strat
strategema                    strategem
stratis                       strat
stratisue                     stratisu
strato                        strat
stratonicus                   stratonic
stratos                       strat
strenue                       strenu
strenuis                      strenu
strenuo                       strenu
strenuos                      strenu
strenuum                      strenu
strenuus                      strenu
streperent                    strepere
strepitu                      strepit
strepitum                     strepit
strepitus                     strepit
strictim                      strictim
strictis                      strict
stricto                       strict
strictum                      strict
strinxerunt                   strinxeru
struantur                     struantur
structas                      struct
structo                       struct
structura                     structur
struendo                      struend
struere                       struer
studeat                       studeat
studebant                     studeba
studebat                      studebat
studia                        stud
studii                        stud
studiis                       studi
studio                        studi
studium                       studi
studuerit                     studuerit
studuissent                   studuisse
stulta                        stult
stulti                        stult
stultitia                     stultit
stultitiae                    stultiti
stultitiam                    stultiti
stultorum                     stultor
stupa                         stup
stupefecit                    stupefecit
stupens                       stupens
stupente                      stupent
stupentibus                   stupent
stupor                        stupor
stuprandae                    stuprand
stupro                        stupr
stuprum                       stupr
sua                           su
suadendo                      suadend
suadendoque                   suadend
suadent                       suade
suadere                       suader
suaderet                      suaderet
suae                          su
suam                          su
suamet                        suamet
suapte                        suapt
suaque                        su
suarum                        suar
suarumque                     suar
suas                          su
suave                         suau
suavis                        suau
suavitate                     suauitat
suavitatemque                 suauitat
sub                           sub
subactam                      subact
subacti                       subact
subacturam                    subactur
subactus                      subact
subdit                        subdit
subditis                      subdit
subduci                       subduc
subductaque                   subduct
subductas                     subduct
subductis                     subduct
subeant                       subea
subeat                        subeat
subegit                       subegit
suberant                      subera
suberat                       suberat
subesset                      subesset
subeunda                      subeund
subeundi                      subeund
subeundo                      subeund
subeundum                     subeund
subeunt                       subeu
subeuntes                     subeunt
subibat                       subibat
subiceret                     subiceret
subiceretur                   subiceretur
subici                        subic
subiciam                      subici
subiciebantur                 subiciebantur
subicit                       subicit
subicitur                     subicitur
subiecere                     subiecer
subiecit                      subiecit
subiecta                      subiect
subiectae                     subiect
subiectas                     subiect
subiectis                     subiect
subiectissime                 subiectissim
subiectos                     subiect
subiectum                     subiect
subiectus                     subiect
subiere                       subier
subigerentur                  subigerentur
subigi                        subig
subinde                       subind
subire                        subir
subirent                      subire
subiret                       subiret
subiri                        subir
subisse                       subiss
subit                         subit
subita                        subit
subitae                       subit
subitam                       subit
subitarios                    subitari
subitarium                    subitari
subiti                        subit
subitis                       subit
subito                        subit
subitoque                     subit
subitos                       subit
subitum                       subit
subituros                     subitur
subiturum                     subitur
subitus                       subit
subiungere                    subiunger
sublata                       sublat
sublatam                      sublat
sublatis                      sublat
sublato                       sublat
sublatum                      sublat
sublaturi                     sublatur
sublatus                      sublat
subleuantesque                subleuant
sublevandam                   subleuand
sublevantur                   subleuantur
sublevati                     subleuat
sublevatique                  subleuat
sublevatus                    subleuat
sublicio                      sublici
sublicis                      sublic
sublicisque                   sublic
sublicius                     sublic
sublime                       sublim
sublimem                      sublim
sublimi                       sublim
sublimis                      sublim
subluebat                     subluebat
sublustri                     sublustr
submersam                     submers
submersamque                  submers
submersarum                   submersar
submersus                     submers
submiserat                    submiserat
submisit                      submisit
submissa                      submiss
submissas                     submiss
submissis                     submiss
submissos                     submiss
submittebantur                submittebantur
submittens                    submittens
submittentis                  submittent
submitteret                   submitteret
submitti                      submitt
submittit                     submittit
submotis                      submot
submoto                       submot
submoue                       submou
submouendo                    submouend
submouendus                   submouend
submouentes                   submouent
submouere                     submouer
submoueretur                  submoueretur
submoueri                     submouer
submouet                      submouet
submouit                      submouit
submoventes                   submouent
submoventur                   submouentur
submovere                     submouer
submovit                      submouit
subnixus                      subnix
subnubilam                    subnubil
subpeditantur                 subpeditantur
subponimus                    subponim
subrogandi                    subrogand
subrogando                    subrogand
subrogasset                   subrogasset
subrogatis                    subrogat
subrogauerat                  subrogauerat
subrutam                      subrut
subrutis                      subrut
subsecuntur                   subsecuntur
subsellia                     subsell
subsequebantur                subsequebantur
subsequens                    subsequens
subsequi                      subsequ
subsequitur                   subsequitur
subsequuntur                  subsequuntur
subsidere                     subsider
subsidia                      subsid
subsidiaque                   subsid
subsidiariae                  subsidiari
subsidiariis                  subsidiari
subsidiarios                  subsidiari
subsidii                      subsid
subsidiis                     subsidi
subsidio                      subsidi
subsidium                     subsidi
subsistebant                  subsisteba
subsistere                    subsister
subsistit                     subsistit
subsistunt                    subsistu
substernunt                   substernu
substiterant                  substitera
substiterit                   substiterit
substitisse                   substitiss
substitit                     substitit
substructionibus              substruction
subter                        subter
subtilia                      subtil
subtilisque                   subtil
subtilitate                   subtilitat
subtiliter                    subtiliter
subtilius                     subtil
subtracta                     subtract
subtrahere                    subtraher
subuehi                       subueh
subuehit                      subuehit
subuenerit                    subuenerit
subueniretur                  subueniretur
subuenisset                   subuenisset
subuentum                     subuent
subura                        subur
subus                         sub
subveniat                     subueniat
subvenire                     subuenir
subvenirent                   subuenire
subvenissent                  subuenisse
subvenisset                   subuenisset
succedenti                    succedent
succedere                     succeder
succederent                   succedere
succedit                      succedit
succedunt                     succedu
succensendum                  succensend
successerit                   successerit
successisse                   successiss
successissent                 successisse
successor                     successor
successu                      success
successum                     success
succlamabat                   succlamabat
succubuissent                 succubuisse
succurratur                   succurratur
succurrebant                  succurreba
succurri                      succurr
succurrit                     succurrit
succursum                     succurs
suculas                       sucul
sucum                         suc
sucus                         suc
sudes                         sud
sudore                        sudor
sudorem                       sudor
suem                          su
suerunt                       sueru
sues                          su
suessam                       suess
suessamque                    suess
suetus                        suet
suffecit                      suffecit
suffectis                     suffect
suffectos                     suffect
suffecturas                   suffectur
suffectus                     suffect
sufficerent                   sufficere
sufficiebat                   sufficiebat
sufficiendo                   sufficiend
sufficientibus                sufficient
sufficitur                    sufficitur
suffragabatur                 suffragabatur
suffragatio                   suffragati
suffragia                     suffrag
suffragii                     suffrag
suffragiis                    suffragi
suffragio                     suffragi
suffragium                    suffragi
suggerant                     suggera
suggerere                     suggerer
suggerit                      suggerit
suggerunt                     suggeru
suggillatos                   suggillat
sugunt                        sugu
sui                           su
suis                          su
suismet                       suismet
suisque                       su
suisvarus                     suisuar
sulla                         sull
sullae                        sull
sullam                        sull
sulmonenses                   sulmonens
sulpicianam                   sulpician
sulpicio                      sulpici
sulpicium                     sulpici
sulpicius                     sulpic
sum                           sum
sumamus                       sumam
sumas                         sum
sumebant                      sumeba
sumebas                       sumeb
sumemus                       sumem
sumendam                      sumend
sumendi                       sumend
sumendo                       sumend
sumendum                      sumend
sumere                        sumer
sumet                         sumet
sumi                          sum
sumit                         sumit
sumitis                       sumit
summa                         summ
summae                        summ
summam                        summ
summamque                     summ
summaque                      summ
summas                        summ
summe                         summ
summi                         summ
summis                        summ
summisque                     summ
summo                         summ
summos                        summ
summoueri                     summouer
summum                        summ
sumpsere                      sumpser
sumpsimus                     sumpsim
sumpsisse                     sumpsiss
sumpsissent                   sumpsisse
sumpsisses                    sumpsiss
sumpsisset                    sumpsisset
sumpsisti                     sumpsist
sumpsit                       sumpsit
sumpta                        sumpt
sumptis                       sumpt
sumpto                        sumpt
sumptu                        sumpt
sumptum                       sumpt
sumptumque                    sumpt
sumpturos                     sumptur
sumpturum                     sumptur
sumptus                       sumpt
sumus                         sum
sunt                          su
suntne                        suntn
suo                           su
suomet                        suomet
suopte                        suopt
suoque                        su
suorum                        suor
suorumque                     suor
suos                          su
suosmet                       suosmet
suosque                       su
suouetaurilibus               suouetauril
supendere                     supender
super                         super
supera                        super
superabant                    superaba
superant                      supera
superante                     superant
superanti                     superant
superantibus                  superant
superare                      superar
superari                      superar
superarissent                 superarisse
superarum                     superar
superarur                     superarur
superasse                     superass
superassent                   superasse
superat                       superat
superata                      superat
superatae                     superat
superatas                     superat
superati                      superat
superatis                     superat
superatos                     superat
superaverim                   superauerim
superavissent                 superauisse
superavit                     superauit
superbamque                   superb
superbe                       superb
superbia                      superb
superbiae                     superbi
superbiam                     superbi
superbiaque                   superb
superbis                      superb
superbissimae                 superbissim
superbissimum                 superbissim
superbius                     superb
superbo                       superb
superboque                    superb
superborum                    superbor
superbos                      superb
superbosque                   superb
superbum                      superb
superbus                      superb
superciliis                   supercili
superent                      supere
supererant                    superera
supererat                     supererat
superesse                     superess
superessent                   superesse
superesset                    superesset
superest                      superest
superficie                    superfici
superfuerant                  superfuera
superfuerat                   superfuerat
superfuerit                   superfuerit
superfuit                     superfuit
superfundenti                 superfundent
superincidentibus             superincident
superior                      superior
superiora                     superior
superiore                     superior
superiorem                    superior
superiores                    superior
superioresque                 superior
superioribus                  superior
superioris                    superior
superiorum                    superior
superis                       super
superius                      super
superne                       supern
supero                        super
superpositum                  superposit
superque                      super
supersedit                    supersedit
superstes                     superst
superstitem                   superstit
superstites                   superstit
superstitione                 superstition
superstitionem                superstition
superstitiones                superstition
superstitionibus              superstition
superstitionis                superstition
superstitiose                 superstitios
superstitiosi                 superstitios
superstitioso                 superstitios
superstitiosos                superstitios
supersunt                     supersu
superuacuo                    superuacu
superueniunt                  superueniu
superum                       super
supervacuaneum                superuacuane
supinam                       supin
supinas                       supin
suppeditat                    suppeditat
suppeditatio                  suppeditati
suppeditavere                 suppeditauer
suppeditaverunt               suppeditaueru
suppetat                      suppetat
suppetebant                   suppeteba
suppetebat                    suppetebat
suppetere                     suppeter
suppeterent                   suppetere
supplementi                   supplement
supplemento                   supplement
supplementum                  supplement
supplendoque                  supplend
suppleto                      supplet
suppleuere                    suppleuer
supplex                       supplex
supplicarem                   supplicar
supplicatio                   supplicati
supplicationes                supplication
supplicatum                   supplicat
supplices                     supplic
supplici                      supplic
supplicia                     supplic
supplicibus                   supplic
supplicii                     supplic
suppliciis                    supplici
supplicio                     supplici
supplicioque                  supplici
suppliciter                   suppliciter
supplicium                    supplici
supplicum                     supplic
supportabat                   supportabat
supportare                    supportar
supportarent                  supportare
supportari                    supportar
supportat                     supportat
suppositam                    supposit
suppressa                     suppress
supprimebantur                supprimebantur
supprimit                     supprimit
supprimunt                    supprimu
supra                         supr
supraque                      supr
suprascandit                  suprascandit
supremum                      suprem
supter                        supter
suptiliore                    suptilior
suptilitate                   suptilitat
suptiliter                    suptiliter
surdam                        surd
surdis                        surd
sursum                        surs
sursus                        surs
sus                           sus
susceperant                   suscepera
susceperat                    susceperat
suscepimus                    suscepim
suscepisse                    suscepiss
suscepisset                   suscepisset
suscepit                      suscepit
suscepta                      suscept
susceptam                     suscept
suscepti                      suscept
suscepto                      suscept
susceptum                     suscept
susceptus                     suscept
suscipere                     susciper
susciperentur                 susciperentur
suscipi                       suscip
suscipiant                    suscipia
suscipienda                   suscipiend
suscipiendo                   suscipiend
suscipimus                    suscipim
suscipitur                    suscipitur
suscipiunt                    suscipiu
suscitat                      suscitat
suspecta                      suspect
suspectam                     suspect
suspecti                      suspect
suspectior                    suspectior
suspectos                     suspect
suspectum                     suspect
suspende                      suspend
suspenderent                  suspendere
suspendito                    suspendit
suspensa                      suspens
suspensique                   suspens
suspensis                     suspens
suspensos                     suspens
suspeximus                    suspexim
suspexissemus                 suspexissem
suspexit                      suspexit
suspicarentur                 suspicarentur
suspicari                     suspicar
suspicati                     suspicat
suspicatus                    suspicat
suspicere                     suspicer
suspicio                      suspici
suspicione                    suspicion
suspicionem                   suspicion
suspicionis                   suspicion
sustentabat                   sustentabat
sustentant                    sustenta
sustentar                     sustentar
sustentari                    sustentar
sustentata                    sustentat
sustentatum                   sustentat
sustineant                    sustinea
sustineantur                  sustineantur
sustinebant                   sustineba
sustinebantur                 sustinebantur
sustinebat                    sustinebat
sustinebunt                   sustinebu
sustinendam                   sustinend
sustinendi                    sustinend
sustinendis                   sustinend
sustinendo                    sustinend
sustinendum                   sustinend
sustinent                     sustine
sustinentes                   sustinent
sustinenti                    sustinent
sustinentibus                 sustinent
sustinentur                   sustinentur
sustinere                     sustiner
sustinerent                   sustinere
sustinerentur                 sustinerentur
sustineri                     sustiner
sustinet                      sustinet
sustinuere                    sustinuer
sustinuerint                  sustinueri
sustinuerit                   sustinuerit
sustinuissent                 sustinuisse
sustinuisset                  sustinuisset
sustinuit                     sustinuit
sustulerant                   sustulera
sustulerat                    sustulerat
sustulere                     sustuler
sustulerint                   sustuleri
sustuleris                    sustuler
sustulerit                    sustulerit
sustulerunt                   sustuleru
sustulimus                    sustulim
sustulisse                    sustuliss
sustulisset                   sustulisset
sustulit                      sustulit
suta                          sut
suum                          su
suumque                       su
suus                          su
synephebis                    synepheb
synpatheian                   synpatheian
syracusas                     syracus
syri                          syr
syria                         syr
syriacis                      syriac
syriae                        syri
syriaeque                     syri
syrorum                       syror
t                             t
tabe                          tab
tabellam                      tabell
tabellas                      tabell
tabem                         tab
tabernacula                   tabernacul
tabernaculaque                tabernacul
tabernaculis                  tabernacul
tabernaculisque               tabernacul
tabernaculum                  tabernacul
tabernaeque                   tabern
tabernas                      tabern
tabescentem                   tabescent
tabescit                      tabescit
tabo                          tab
tabulae                       tabul
tabulam                       tabul
tabularium                    tabulari
tabularum                     tabular
tabulas                       tabul
tabulata                      tabulat
tabulationem                  tabulation
tabulatis                     tabulat
tabulatorum                   tabulator
tabulis                       tabul
tace                          tac
tacendo                       tacend
tacere                        tacer
tacerem                       tacer
taceri                        tacer
tacita                        tacit
tacitae                       tacit
tacite                        tacit
taciti                        tacit
tacitis                       tacit
tacito                        tacit
tacitum                       tacit
tacitus                       tacit
tactune                       tactun
tactus                        tact
tacuisse                      tacuiss
taeda                         taed
taedere                       taeder
taedet                        taedet
taedio                        taedi
taedioque                     taedi
taedium                       taedi
taeterrimis                   taeterrim
taetri                        taetr
taetro                        taetr
talaria                       talar
tale                          tal
talem                         tal
talenta                       talent
tales                         tal
tali                          tal
talia                         tal
taliaque                      tal
talibus                       tal
talis                         tal
talium                        tali
tam                           tam
tamen                         tamen
tamenne                       tamenn
tametsi                       tamets
tamquam                       tamqu
tamque                        tam
tanaquil                      tanaquil
tandem                        tand
tangam                        tang
tangendi                      tangend
tangens                       tangens
tangentem                     tangent
tangit                        tangit
tanta                         tant
tantae                        tant
tantalidarum                  tantalidar
tantam                        tant
tantamque                     tant
tantaque                      tant
tantarum                      tantar
tantas                        tant
tantasque                     tant
tanti                         tant
tantique                      tant
tantis                        tant
tantisper                     tantisper
tantisque                     tant
tanto                         tant
tantopere                     tantoper
tantoque                      tant
tantos                        tant
tantum                        tant
tantummodo                    tantummod
tantumque                     tant
tantundemque                  tantund
tantunn                       tantunn
tantus                        tant
tantusque                     tant
tarcondarius                  tarcondar
tardabant                     tardaba
tardabantur                   tardabantur
tardabat                      tardabat
tardarentur                   tardarentur
tardaret                      tardaret
tardata                       tardat
tardioris                     tardior
tardique                      tard
tarditate                     tarditat
tarditatem                    tarditat
tarditatis                    tarditat
tardius                       tard
tardus                        tard
tarpeio                       tarpei
tarpeium                      tarpei
tarpeius                      tarpe
tarquini                      tarquin
tarquinia                     tarquin
tarquiniae                    tarquini
tarquiniana                   tarquinian
tarquinienses                 tarquiniens
tarquiniensesque              tarquiniens
tarquiniensis                 tarquiniens
tarquiniensisque              tarquiniens
tarquiniensium                tarquiniensi
tarquinii                     tarquin
tarquiniique                  tarquin
tarquiniis                    tarquini
tarquinio                     tarquini
tarquiniorum                  tarquinior
tarquinios                    tarquini
tarquinium                    tarquini
tarquinius                    tarquin
tarquitium                    tarquiti
tarracina                     tarracin
tarracinae                    tarracin
tarraco                       tarrac
tarracone                     tarracon
tarraconem                    tarracon
tarraconenses                 tarraconens
tati                          tat
tatio                         tati
tatium                        tati
tatius                        tat
tauri                         taur
taurinos                      taurin
tauroenta                     tauroent
taurum                        taur
taurus                        taur
te                            te
tecta                         tect
tectae                        tect
tectaque                      tect
tectis                        tect
tecto                         tect
tectorum                      tector
tectum                        tect
tectus                        tect
tecum                         tec
tegebatur                     tegebatur
tegenda                       tegend
tegendi                       tegend
tegere                        teger
tegerent                      tegere
tegerentur                    tegerentur
tegeretur                     tegeretur
tegi                          teg
tegimenta                     tegiment
tegimenti                     tegiment
tegimento                     tegiment
tegit                         tegit
tegitur                       tegitur
tegmenta                      tegment
tegmine                       tegmin
tegminibus                    tegmin
tegula                        tegul
tegulaeque                    tegul
tegumen                       tegumen
tegumenta                     tegument
tela                          tel
telamo                        telam
telaque                       tel
teli                          tel
telis                         tel
telisque                      tel
tellenis                      tellen
telluris                      tellur
tellus                        tell
telo                          tel
telorum                       telor
telum                         tel
temerarium                    temerari
temere                        temer
temeritas                     temerit
temeritate                    temeritat
temeritatem                   temeritat
temeritati                    temeritat
temeritatique                 temeritat
temeritatis                   temeritat
temeritatisque                temeritat
temone                        temon
tempani                       tempan
tempanio                      tempani
tempanium                     tempani
tempanius                     tempan
temperant                     tempera
temperantes                   temperant
temperantia                   temperant
temperantiae                  temperanti
temperantur                   temperantur
temperare                     temperar
temperarunt                   temperaru
temperata                     temperat
temperatione                  temperation
temperatum                    temperat
temperaturos                  temperatur
temperatus                    temperat
temperauere                   temperauer
temperemus                    temperem
temperet                      temperet
tempestas                     tempest
tempestasque                  tempest
tempestate                    tempestat
tempestatem                   tempestat
tempestates                   tempestat
tempestati                    tempestat
tempestatibus                 tempestat
tempestatibusn                tempestatibusn
tempestatis                   tempestat
tempestatum                   tempestat
tempestiuam                   tempestiu
tempestiuo                    tempestiu
tempestive                    tempestiu
tempestivos                   tempestiu
templa                        templ
templi                        templ
templique                     templ
templis                       templ
templisque                    templ
templo                        templ
templorum                     templor
templum                       templ
templumque                    templ
tempora                       tempor
temporaque                    tempor
tempore                       tempor
tempori                       tempor
temporibus                    tempor
temporibusque                 tempor
temporis                      tempor
temporisque                   tempor
temporum                      tempor
temptabat                     temptabat
temptabunt                    temptabu
temptandam                    temptand
temptandas                    temptand
temptandum                    temptand
temptans                      temptans
temptant                      tempta
temptantium                   temptanti
temptare                      temptar
temptaret                     temptaret
temptari                      temptar
temptasse                     temptass
temptassent                   temptasse
temptata                      temptat
temptatae                     temptat
temptatam                     temptat
temptati                      temptat
temptationem                  temptation
temptationemque               temptation
temptato                      temptat
temptatum                     temptat
temptaturum                   temptatur
temptauerint                  temptaueri
temptaverat                   temptauerat
temptaverunt                  temptaueru
tempus                        temp
tempusque                     temp
tenacitate                    tenacitat
tendant                       tenda
tendebant                     tendeba
tendebantque                  tendeba
tendendo                      tendend
tendens                       tendens
tendent                       tende
tendere                       tender
tenderent                     tendere
tenderet                      tenderet
tendi                         tend
tendit                        tendit
tendunt                       tendu
teneam                        tene
teneantur                     teneantur
teneat                        teneat
teneatur                      teneatur
tenebant                      teneba
tenebantur                    tenebantur
tenebat                       tenebat
tenebatur                     tenebatur
tenebrae                      tenebr
tenebras                      tenebr
tenebris                      tenebr
tenedi                        tened
tenemini                      tenemin
tenen                         tenen
tenens                        tenens
tenent                        tene
tenentem                      tenent
tenentes                      tenent
tenenti                       tenent
tenentur                      tenentur
teneo                         tene
tenere                        tener
tenerent                      tenere
tenerentur                    tenerentur
tenerenturne                  tenerenturn
teneret                       teneret
teneri                        tener
teneris                       tener
tenero                        tener
tenet                         tenet
tenetis                       tenet
tenetur                       tenetur
tenore                        tenor
tensas                        tens
tentoriis                     tentori
tenuem                        tenu
tenuerant                     tenuera
tenuerat                      tenuerat
tenuere                       tenuer
tenuerint                     tenueri
tenuerit                      tenuerit
tenui                         tenu
tenuis                        tenu
tenuisse                      tenuiss
tenuissent                    tenuisse
tenuissimis                   tenuissim
tenuissimum                   tenuissim
tenuissimus                   tenuissim
tenuit                        tenuit
tenuitate                     tenuitat
tepefaciat                    tepefaciat
tepefactis                    tepefact
tepefactus                    tepefact
tepescunt                     tepescu
tepor                         tepor
teque                         te
ter                           ter
teram                         ter
terebant                      tereba
terendo                       terend
terentes                      terent
terentilia                    terentil
terentilio                    terentili
terentilius                   terentil
tererent                      terere
tereret                       tereret
terga                         terg
tergiuersantur                tergiuersantur
tergiuersari                  tergiuersar
tergo                         terg
tergum                        terg
teri                          ter
terminarentur                 terminarentur
terminat                      terminat
terminatur                    terminatur
terminavit                    terminauit
termini                       termin
terminis                      termin
terminos                      termin
terminusque                   termin
terna                         tern
ternae                        tern
ternas                        tern
terni                         tern
ternis                        tern
terra                         terr
terrae                        terr
terraeque                     terr
terram                        terr
terramque                     terr
terraque                      terr
terrarum                      terrar
terrarumque                   terrar
terras                        terr
terreatur                     terreatur
terrebant                     terreba
terrebat                      terrebat
terrena                       terren
terrenae                      terren
terrenam                      terren
terrendi                      terrend
terrenis                      terren
terrenisque                   terren
terrenorum                    terrenor
terrens                       terrens
terrentium                    terrenti
terrentur                     terrentur
terrenum                      terren
terrerentur                   terrerentur
terreret                      terreret
terreri                       terrer
terrestres                    terrestr
terrestri                     terrestr
terrestribus                  terrestr
terrestrium                   terrestri
terret                        terret
terribile                     terribil
terribiliora                  terribilior
terriculis                    terricul
terris                        terr
terrisque                     terr
territando                    territand
territant                     territa
territat                      territat
territauere                   territauer
territos                      territ
territum                      territ
terror                        terror
terrore                       terror
terrorem                      terror
terroremue                    terroremu
terrores                      terror
terroresque                   terror
terroribus                    terror
terroris                      terror
terruerat                     terruerat
terruit                       terruit
tertia                        tert
tertiae                       terti
tertiam                       terti
tertianas                     tertian
tertii                        tert
tertio                        terti
tertium                       terti
tertius                       tert
terunt                        teru
tesserarum                    tesserar
testabatur                    testabatur
testamenta                    testament
testamenti                    testament
testamento                    testament
testamentorum                 testamentor
testando                      testand
testantes                     testant
testantibus                   testant
testari                       testar
testatur                      testatur
teste                         test
testem                        test
testes                        test
testibus                      test
testimonio                    testimoni
testimonium                   testimoni
testis                        test
testor                        testor
testudine                     testudin
testudines                    testudin
testudinesque                 testudin
testudo                       testud
tetendere                     tetender
tetendissent                  tetendisse
tetendit                      tetendit
tetigerat                     tetigerat
tetrarchis                    tetrarch
tetrica                       tetric
texerit                       texerit
texerunt                      texeru
texissent                     texisse
texisset                      texisset
texit                         texit
texta                         text
texunt                        texu
thalassi                      thalass
thalassio                     thalassi
thale                         thal
thales                        thal
thaumante                     thaumant
theatro                       theatr
theatrum                      theatr
thebas                        theb
thelxinoe                     thelxino
theodorum                     theodor
theodorus                     theodor
theogoniam                    theogoni
theologi                      theolog
theologis                     theolog
theophane                     theophan
theophrasti                   theophrast
theophrastum                  theophrast
thermum                       therm
thermus                       therm
theseus                       these
thessalasm                    thessalasm
thessalia                     thessal
thessaliae                    thessali
thessaliam                    thessali
thessalos                     thessal
theyt                         theyt
thorace                       thorac
thracia                       thrac
thracibus                     thrac
thurino                       thurin
thurinum                      thurin
thurios                       thuri
thyestem                      thyest
thyone                        thyon
ti                            ti
tib                           tib
tiberi                        tiber
tiberim                       tiberim
tiberine                      tiberin
tiberini                      tiberin
tiberino                      tiberin
tiberinum                     tiberin
tiberinus                     tiberin
tiberis                       tiber
tiberiusque                   tiber
tibi                          tib
tibiae                        tibi
tibiarum                      tibiar
tibias                        tibi
tibicini                      tibicin
tibique                       tib
tibur                         tibur
tiburtius                     tiburt
ticino                        ticin
ticinum                       ticin
tigillo                       tigill
tigillum                      tigill
tigna                         tign
tignisque                     tign
tignorum                      tignor
tillium                       tilli
timaeo                        timae
timaeus                       timae
timasitheus                   timasithe
timeantur                     timeantur
timeat                        timeat
timebant                      timeba
timebat                       timebat
timebatur                     timebatur
timenda                       timend
timendae                      timend
timendo                       timend
timendum                      timend
timendus                      timend
timens                        timens
timentes                      timent
timere                        timer
timerem                       timer
timeremus                     timerem
timerent                      timere
timeret                       timeret
timeri                        timer
timete                        timet
timetis                       timet
timidi                        timid
timiditatis                   timiditat
timidiusque                   timid
timocratem                    timocrat
timocraten                    timocraten
timor                         timor
timore                        timor
timorem                       timor
timoremque                    timor
timores                       timor
timori                        timor
timorique                     timor
timoris                       timor
timorque                      timor
timuerant                     timuera
timuerat                      timuerat
timueris                      timuer
timuisse                      timuiss
timuissent                    timuisse
timuit                        timuit
tinctam                       tinct
tiresiam                      tiresi
tirones                       tiron
tironum                       tiron
titanis                       titan
titienses                     titiens
titillatio                    titillati
titinium                      titini
titinius                      titin
tito                          tit
tituli                        titul
titulo                        titul
titulum                       titul
titulus                       titul
titus                         tit
tmolus                        tmol
toga                          tog
togae                         tog
togam                         tog
togati                        togat
togatis                       togat
togatorum                     togator
togatus                       togat
tolerabile                    tolerabil
tolerare                      tolerar
tolerari                      tolerar
tollamus                      tollam
tollatur                      tollatur
tollebat                      tollebat
tollenda                      tollend
tollendae                     tollend
tollendas                     tollend
tollendos                     tollend
tollendum                     tollend
tollens                       tollens
tollentes                     tollent
tollere                       toller
tollerem                      toller
tollerent                     tollere
tolleret                      tolleret
tolleretis                    tolleret
tolleretur                    tolleretur
tolli                         toll
tollit                        tollit
tollite                       tollit
tollitis                      tollit
tollito                       tollit
tollunt                       tollu
tolluntur                     tolluntur
tolossani                     tolossan
tolumni                       tolumn
tolumnio                      tolumni
tolumnium                     tolumni
tolumnius                     tolumn
tonante                       tonant
tonitribus                    tonitr
tonitribusque                 tonitr
tormenta                      torment
tormentaque                   torment
tormentis                     torment
tormentisque                  torment
tormento                      torment
tormentorum                   tormentor
torpebat                      torpebat
torpedines                    torpedin
torpent                       torpe
torpere                       torper
torpore                       torpor
torquatus                     torquat
torreret                      torreret
torrido                       torrid
torridos                      torrid
torsisset                     torsisset
torto                         tort
tortuosa                      tortuos
tortuosis                     tortuos
torvus                        toru
tosillas                      tosill
tot                           tot
tota                          tot
totae                         tot
totam                         tot
totamque                      tot
totaque                       tot
toti                          tot
totidem                       totid
totiens                       totiens
totique                       tot
totis                         tot
totius                        tot
totiusque                     tot
toto                          tot
totos                         tot
totum                         tot
totumque                      tot
totus                         tot
totusque                      tot
trabea                        trabe
trabes                        trab
trabesque                     trab
trabibus                      trab
tracta                        tract
tractabantur                  tractabantur
tractabuntur                  tractabuntur
tractae                       tract
tractandae                    tractand
tractandis                    tractand
tractandoque                  tractand
tractata                      tractat
tractatus                     tractat
tractet                       tractet
tractu                        tract
tractum                       tract
tractus                       tract
tradant                       trada
tradantur                     tradantur
tradebantur                   tradebantur
tradendi                      tradend
tradentes                     tradent
tradere                       trader
traderentur                   traderentur
tradi                         trad
tradiderat                    tradiderat
tradidere                     tradider
tradiderint                   tradideri
tradidero                     tradider
tradiderunt                   tradideru
tradidisse                    tradidiss
tradidit                      tradidit
tradit                        tradit
tradita                       tradit
traditae                      tradit
traditaeque                   tradit
traditam                      tradit
traditi                       tradit
traditisque                   tradit
tradito                       tradit
traditos                      tradit
traditum                      tradit
traditumque                   tradit
traditur                      traditur
tradituri                     traditur
traditus                      tradit
traducebantur                 traducebantur
traducens                     traducens
traducere                     traducer
traducerent                   traducere
traduci                       traduc
traducit                      traducit
traducta                      traduct
traductas                     traduct
traducti                      traduct
traducto                      traduct
traductoque                   traduct
traductos                     traduct
traductus                     traduct
traducunt                     traducu
tradunt                       tradu
traduntur                     traduntur
traduxerant                   traduxera
traduxerat                    traduxerat
traduxerim                    traduxerim
traduxisset                   traduxisset
traduxit                      traduxit
tragici                       tragic
tragularum                    tragular
trahant                       traha
trahebant                     traheba
trahebat                      trahebat
trahendi                      trahend
trahendo                      trahend
trahendum                     trahend
trahens                       trahens
trahentes                     trahent
trahere                       traher
traheretur                    traheretur
trahi                         trah
trahunt                       trahu
trahuntur                     trahuntur
traicerent                    traicere
traiceret                     traiceret
traici                        traic
traiciebatur                  traiciebatur
traicit                       traicit
traiciunt                     traiciu
traiecerat                    traiecerat
traiecere                     traiecer
traiecisset                   traiecisset
traiecit                      traiecit
traiecto                      traiect
traiectu                      traiect
traiectum                     traiect
traiectus                     traiect
tralatu                       tralat
trallibus                     trall
tramitibus                    tramit
tranant                       trana
tranare                       tranar
tranat                        tranat
tranauit                      tranauit
tranquilla                    tranquill
tranquillae                   tranquill
tranquillam                   tranquill
tranquillas                   tranquill
tranquillior                  tranquillior
tranquilliorem                tranquillior
tranquillitatem               tranquillitat
tranquillo                    tranquill
tranquillum                   tranquill
trans                         trans
transacta                     transact
transcendebant                transcendeba
transcendendae                transcendend
transcenderant                transcendera
transcenderent                transcendere
transcenderunt                transcenderu
transcendisse                 transcendiss
transcendisset                transcendisset
transcripserit                transcripserit
transcurrentes                transcurrent
transductis                   transduct
transeundum                   transeund
transeunt                     transeu
transeuntibus                 transeunt
transferatur                  transferatur
transferemus                  transferem
transferendi                  transferend
transferentem                 transferent
transferre                    transferr
transferrent                  transferre
transferri                    transferr
transfert                     transfert
transferunt                   transferu
transfigit                    transfigit
transfixum                    transfix
transfixus                    transfix
transfuga                     transfug
transfugerent                 transfugere
transfugit                    transfugit
transgressi                   transgress
transgressus                  transgress
transierant                   transiera
transierat                    transierat
transiere                     transier
transierint                   transieri
transierunt                   transieru
transigi                      transig
transiit                      transiit
transiliet                    transiliet
transiluisse                  transiluiss
transiluit                    transiluit
transire                      transir
transirent                    transire
transiret                     transiret
transiri                      transir
transisse                     transiss
transissent                   transisse
transit                       transit
transitio                     transiti
transitione                   transition
transitiones                  transition
transitionis                  transition
transitu                      transit
transitum                     transit
translatam                    translat
translatis                    translat
translato                     translat
translatos                    translat
translaturos                  translatur
transmarinis                  transmarin
transmigrandi                 transmigrand
transmigraremus               transmigrarem
transmigrarent                transmigrare
transmigremus                 transmigrem
transmisso                    transmiss
transmittant                  transmitta
transpadanis                  transpadan
transportabat                 transportabat
transportandis                transportand
transportandos                transportand
transportandum                transportand
transportari                  transportar
transportat                   transportat
transportati                  transportat
transtulero                   transtuler
transtulerunt                 transtuleru
transtulimus                  transtulim
transtulit                    transtulit
transuecta                    transuect
transuectumque                transuect
transuectus                   transuect
transuersa                    transuers
transuersam                   transuers
transuersis                   transuers
transuersisque                transuers
transuerso                    transuers
transuersosque                transuers
transumenum                   transumen
transuolat                    transuolat
transversa                    transuers
transversas                   transuers
transversum                   transuers
transvexisset                 transuexisset
traversa                      trauers
traversaria                   trauersar
traxerant                     traxera
traxere                       traxer
traxisset                     traxisset
traxit                        traxit
trebium                       trebi
treboni                       trebon
treboniae                     treboni
treboniam                     treboni
trebonii                      trebon
treboninm                     treboninm
trebonio                      treboni
trebonium                     treboni
trebonius                     trebon
trecenta                      trecent
trecentensimo                 trecentensim
trecentensimus                trecentensim
trecentesimo                  trecentesim
trecenti                      trecent
trecentorum                   trecentor
trecentos                     trecent
trecentosque                  trecent
tredecim                      tredecim
tremulam                      tremul
trepida                       trepid
trepidam                      trepid
trepidamque                   trepid
trepidant                     trepida
trepidante                    trepidant
trepidantes                   trepidant
trepidantesque                trepidant
trepidantibus                 trepidant
trepidantium                  trepidanti
trepidantius                  trepidant
trepidare                     trepidar
trepidaret                    trepidaret
trepidatio                    trepidati
trepidatione                  trepidation
trepidationem                 trepidation
trepidationis                 trepidation
trepidatum                    trepidat
trepidauerat                  trepidauerat
trepide                       trepid
trepidi                       trepid
trepidis                      trepid
trepidisque                   trepid
trepido                       trepid
trepidos                      trepid
trepidum                      trepid
trepidus                      trepid
tres                          tr
tria                          tr
trianguli                     triangul
triarii                       triar
triariis                      triari
triarius                      triar
tribu                         trib
tribuant                      tribua
tribubus                      tribub
tribuemus                     tribuem
tribuenda                     tribuend
tribuens                      tribuens
tribuentem                    tribuent
tribuerat                     tribuerat
tribuere                      tribuer
tribueretur                   tribueretur
tribuerunt                    tribueru
tribui                        tribu
tribuisset                    tribuisset
tribuit                       tribuit
tribuitur                     tribuitur
tribules                      tribul
tribulibus                    tribul
tribunal                      tribunal
tribunali                     tribunal
tribunalia                    tribunal
tribunatu                     tribunat
tribunatum                    tribunat
tribunatus                    tribunat
tribuni                       tribun
tribunicia                    tribunic
tribuniciae                   tribunici
tribuniciam                   tribunici
tribunicias                   tribunici
tribunicii                    tribunic
tribuniciis                   tribunici
tribunicio                    tribunici
tribunicios                   tribunici
tribunicium                   tribunici
tribunique                    tribun
tribunis                      tribun
tribunisque                   tribun
tribuno                       tribun
tribunorum                    tribunor
tribunorumque                 tribunor
tribunorumue                  tribunorumu
tribunos                      tribun
tribunosque                   tribun
tribunum                      tribun
tribunus                      tribun
tribus                        tr
tribusque                     tr
tributa                       tribut
tributae                      tribut
tributam                      tribut
tributi                       tribut
tributim                      tributim
tributionem                   tribution
tributis                      tribut
tributo                       tribut
tributum                      tribut
tributumque                   tribut
tributuras                    tributur
tricastinos                   tricastin
tricenos                      tricen
tricensimo                    tricensim
tricesimum                    tricesim
trichilas                     trichil
tricipitini                   tricipitin
tricipitino                   tricipitin
tricipitinum                  tricipitin
tricipitinus                  tricipitin
triduo                        tridu
triduum                       tridu
triennii                      trienn
triennio                      trienni
triennium                     trienni
trieterides                   trieterid
trifariam                     trifari
trigemina                     trigemin
trigeminam                    trigemin
trigemini                     trigemin
trigeminis                    trigemin
triginta                      trigint
trina                         trin
trinum                        trin
triones                       trion
tripertito                    tripertit
triplex                       triplex
triplexque                    triplex
triplicemque                  triplic
triplici                      triplic
tripode                       tripod
tripudiis                     tripudi
trireme                       trirem
triremes                      trirem
tris                          tr
triste                        trist
tristem                       trist
tristemque                    trist
tristi                        trist
tristior                      tristior
tristiorem                    tristior
tristis                       trist
tristissimi                   tristissim
tritici                       tritic
triton                        triton
tritopatreus                  tritopatre
tritu                         trit
tritum                        trit
trium                         tri
triumphales                   triumphal
triumphali                    triumphal
triumphans                    triumphans
triumphansque                 triumphans
triumphantem                  triumphant
triumphantes                  triumphant
triumphantibusue              triumphantibusu
triumphare                    triumphar
triumpharunt                  triumpharu
triumphatum                   triumphat
triumphauit                   triumphauit
triumphi                      triumph
triumpho                      triumph
triumphos                     triumph
triumphum                     triumph
triumphus                     triumph
triumphusque                  triumph
triumuirique                  triumuir
triumuiros                    triumuir
triumviri                     triumuir
troia                         tro
troiam                        troi
troianam                      troian
troiani                       troian
troianique                    troian
troianis                      troian
troiano                       troian
troianos                      troian
troianosque                   troian
trophonius                    trophon
trucem                        truc
truces                        truc
truci                         truc
trucibusque                   truc
trucidandae                   trucidand
trucidandam                   trucidand
trucidandamque                trucidand
trucidandos                   trucidand
trucidantur                   trucidantur
trucidarentur                 trucidarentur
trucidari                     trucidar
trucidat                      trucidat
trucidatos                    trucidat
trucidatum                    trucidat
trucidatus                    trucidat
trucidauerunt                 trucidaueru
trucidentur                   trucidentur
truculenta                    truculent
truculentus                   truculent
trunci                        trunc
tu                            tu
tua                           tu
tuae                          tu
tuam                          tu
tuamque                       tu
tuas                          tu
tuba                          tub
tubero                        tuber
tuberonem                     tuberon
tuberti                       tubert
tubertum                      tubert
tubertus                      tubert
tubicinem                     tubicin
tubicinesque                  tubicin
tubuli                        tubul
tubulus                       tubul
tuditano                      tuditan
tueatur                       tueatur
tuebantur                     tuebantur
tuebatur                      tuebatur
tuemini                       tuemin
tuenda                        tuend
tuendae                       tuend
tuendam                       tuend
tuendamque                    tuend
tuendas                       tuend
tuendi                        tuend
tuendo                        tuend
tuendorum                     tuendor
tuendos                       tuend
tuendum                       tuend
tuente                        tuent
tuentem                       tuent
tuentibus                     tuent
tuentur                       tuentur
tuerentur                     tuerentur
tueri                         tuer
tuetur                        tuetur
tugurio                       tuguri
tui                           tu
tuis                          tu
tulerant                      tulera
tulerat                       tulerat
tulere                        tuler
tulerim                       tulerim
tulerint                      tuleri
tuleris                       tuler
tulerit                       tulerit
tuleritis                     tulerit
tulerunt                      tuleru
tulimus                       tulim
tulisse                       tuliss
tulissent                     tulisse
tulisset                      tulisset
tulit                         tulit
tulle                         tull
tulli                         tull
tullia                        tull
tulliae                       tulli
tullio                        tulli
tullium                       tulli
tullius                       tull
tullo                         tull
tullum                        tull
tullus                        tull
tum                           tum
tumuli                        tumul
tumulo                        tumul
tumulos                       tumul
tumultu                       tumult
tumultuantem                  tumultuant
tumultuantibus                tumultuant
tumultuario                   tumultuari
tumultuatos                   tumultuat
tumultum                      tumult
tumultuose                    tumultuos
tumultuosi                    tumultuos
tumultuosiora                 tumultuosior
tumultuosissime               tumultuosissim
tumultuosissimum              tumultuosissim
tumultuosius                  tumultuos
tumultuoso                    tumultuos
tumultuque                    tumult
tumultus                      tumult
tumultusque                   tumult
tumulum                       tumul
tumulumque                    tumul
tumulus                       tumul
tunc                          tunc
tundit                        tundit
tune                          tun
tunicaeque                    tunic
tunicam                       tunic
tunicas                       tunic
tuo                           tu
tuoque                        tu
tuorum                        tuor
tuque                         tu
turba                         turb
turbae                        turb
turbam                        turb
turbandi                      turband
turbantes                     turbant
turbare                       turbar
turbarentur                   turbarentur
turbaret                      turbaret
turbaretur                    turbaretur
turbari                       turbar
turbarum                      turbar
turbasset                     turbasset
turbat                        turbat
turbatae                      turbat
turbatas                      turbat
turbate                       turbat
turbati                       turbat
turbatique                    turbat
turbatis                      turbat
turbato                       turbat
turbatores                    turbator
turbatoribus                  turbator
turbatos                      turbat
turbatosque                   turbat
turbatum                      turbat
turbauerat                    turbauerat
turbauit                      turbauit
turbentur                     turbentur
turbidam                      turbid
turbido                       turbid
turbines                      turbin
turbulentae                   turbulent
turbulentior                  turbulentior
turbulentissimi               turbulentissim
turbulentos                   turbulent
turibus                       tur
turmae                        turm
turmarum                      turmar
turmas                        turm
turmatim                      turmatim
turmis                        turm
turni                         turn
turno                         turn
turnum                        turn
turnus                        turn
turpe                         turp
turpem                        turp
turpi                         turp
turpis                        turp
turpissimae                   turpissim
turpissimam                   turpissim
turpissime                    turpissim
turpissuma                    turpissum
turpissume                    turpissum
turpiter                      turpiter
turpius                       turp
turres                        turr
turresque                     turr
turri                         turr
turribus                      turr
turribusque                   turr
turrim                        turrim
turrimque                     turrim
turris                        turr
turrium                       turri
tusci                         tusc
tuscis                        tusc
tuscorum                      tuscor
tuscos                        tusc
tusculana                     tusculan
tusculanam                    tusculan
tusculanis                    tusculan
tusculano                     tusculan
tusculanorum                  tusculanor
tusculanos                    tusculan
tusculanum                    tusculan
tusculanus                    tusculan
tusculi                       tuscul
tusculo                       tuscul
tusculum                      tuscul
tuscum                        tusc
tuscus                        tusc
tuta                          tut
tutabantur                    tutabantur
tutabatur                     tutabatur
tutae                         tut
tutam                         tut
tutandam                      tutand
tutandique                    tutand
tutandos                      tutand
tutandum                      tutand
tutantes                      tutant
tutantur                      tutantur
tutaque                       tut
tutarentur                    tutarentur
tutaretur                     tutaretur
tutata                        tutat
tutatur                       tutatur
tutatus                       tutat
tutela                        tutel
tutelae                       tutel
tutelam                       tutel
tuti                          tut
tuticanum                     tutican
tutior                        tutior
tutiora                       tutior
tutiorem                      tutior
tutioremque                   tutior
tutiores                      tutior
tutissima                     tutissim
tutissimum                    tutissim
tutissimus                    tutissim
tutius                        tut
tuto                          tut
tutor                         tutor
tutores                       tutor
tutoribus                     tutor
tutoris                       tutor
tutorumque                    tutor
tutum                         tut
tutus                         tut
tuum                          tu
tuumque                       tu
tuus                          tu
tympana                       tympan
tyndaridae                    tyndarid
tyndaridas                    tyndarid
tyranni                       tyrann
tyrannis                      tyrann
tyrannisque                   tyrann
tyranno                       tyrann
tyrannum                      tyrann
tyrannus                      tyrann
tyri                          tyr
tyrrhenum                     tyrrhen
uacantium                     uacanti
uacaret                       uacaret
uacationibus                  uacation
uacet                         uacet
uacua                         uacu
uacuam                        uacu
uacuis                        uacu
uacuo                         uacu
uacuum                        uacu
uadatus                       uadat
uadem                         uad
uadens                        uadens
uades                         uad
uadibus                       uad
uadis                         uad
uadit                         uadit
uae                           uae
uaga                          uag
uagabantur                    uagabantur
uagantes                      uagant
uagantibus                    uagant
uagari                        uagar
uagata                        uagat
uagati                        uagat
uagatum                       uagat
uagatus                       uagat
uagi                          uag
uagique                       uag
uagos                         uag
uagosque                      uag
ualet                         ualet
ualetudinem                   ualetudin
ualetudo                      ualetud
ualida                        ualid
ualidior                      ualidior
ualidiore                     ualidior
ualidiorem                    ualidior
ualido                        ualid
ualidum                       ualid
uallem                        uall
ualles                        uall
uallisque                     uall
uallo                         uall
ualloque                      uall
uallum                        uall
uallumque                     uall
ualuere                       ualuer
ualuit                        ualuit
ualuitque                     ualuit
uana                          uan
uanam                         uan
uanaque                       uan
uanas                         uan
uani                          uan
uanior                        uanior
uaniora                       uanior
uanique                       uan
uanis                         uan
uaniusque                     uan
uano                          uan
uanos                         uan
uanum                         uan
uanus                         uan
uaporis                       uapor
uaria                         uar
uariassent                    uariasse
uariatis                      uariat
uarie                         uari
uariet                        uariet
uarii                         uar
uariis                        uari
uasa                          uas
uasta                         uast
uastam                        uast
uastandis                     uastand
uastantibus                   uastant
uastare                       uastar
uastat                        uastat
uastati                       uastat
uastatio                      uastati
uastatione                    uastation
uastationem                   uastation
uastationesque                uastation
uastatis                      uastat
uastatos                      uastat
uastatur                      uastatur
uasti                         uast
uastitatem                    uastitat
uastitatis                    uastitat
uasto                         uast
uatem                         uat
uates                         uat
uatibus                       uat
uaticinando                   uaticinand
uaticinantem                  uaticinant
uaticinantis                  uaticinant
uatis                         uat
uatum                         uat
uberior                       uberior
uberiora                      uberior
uberius                       uber
uberrumi                      uberrum
ubertas                       ubert
ubertate                      ubertat
ubertatem                     ubertat
ubi                           ub
ubicumque                     ubic
ubinam                        ubin
ubique                        ubique
uectigalis                    uectigal
uehemens                      uehemens
uehementior                   uehementior
uehementiorem                 uehementior
uehementis                    uehement
uehens                        uehens
uehicula                      uehicul
uehiculo                      uehicul
uel                           uel
uelamen                       uelamen
uelato                        uelat
uelatos                       uelat
uelatus                       uelat
uelim                         uelim
uelint                        ueli
uelit                         uelit
uelitisne                     uelitisn
uelle                         uell
uellebantur                   uellebantur
uellent                       uelle
uellentque                    uelle
uellerentque                  uellere
uellet                        uellet
uelut                         uelut
ueluti                        uelut
uenandi                       uenand
uenas                         uen
uendendi                      uendend
uenderet                      uenderet
uendiderunt                   uendideru
uendidit                      uendidit
uendita                       uendit
uenditare                     uenditar
ueneno                        uenen
uenenum                       uenen
uenerabundi                   uenerabund
uenerant                      uenera
uenerat                       uenerat
uenerationem                  ueneration
uenere                        uener
uenerim                       uenerim
uenerint                      ueneri
uenerit                       uenerit
uenerunt                      ueneru
uenia                         uen
ueniae                        ueni
ueniam                        ueni
ueniant                       uenia
ueniat                        ueniat
uenibat                       uenibat
ueniebat                      ueniebat
ueniendo                      ueniend
ueniens                       ueniens
uenientem                     uenient
uenientes                     uenient
uenienti                      uenient
uenientium                    uenienti
ueniere                       uenier
uenierunt                     uenieru
ueniit                        ueniit
uenio                         ueni
uenire                        uenir
uenirent                      uenire
ueniret                       ueniret
ueniretur                     ueniretur
uenisse                       ueniss
uenissent                     uenisse
uenisset                      uenisset
uenissetque                   uenisset
uenisti                       uenist
uenit                         uenit
ueniunt                       ueniu
uenti                         uent
uentoque                      uent
uentrem                       uentr
uentri                        uentr
uentris                       uentr
uentum                        uent
uenturam                      uentur
uenturum                      uentur
uenum                         uen
uera                          uer
ueram                         uer
uerba                         uerb
uerberantes                   uerberant
uerberasse                    uerberass
uerberum                      uerber
uerbis                        uerb
uerbisne                      uerbisn
uerbo                         uerb
uerborumque                   uerbor
uere                          uer
uerecundia                    uerecund
uerecundiae                   uerecundi
uerecundiam                   uerecundi
ueremini                      ueremin
uereri                        uerer
uergentes                     uergent
ueri                          uer
ueris                         uer
ueriti                        uerit
ueritus                       uerit
uerius                        uer
uero                          uer
uerrentes                     uerrent
uersa                         uers
uersae                        uers
uersantem                     uersant
uersare                       uersar
uersata                       uersat
uersi                         uers
uersis                        uers
uersisque                     uers
uerso                         uers
uersos                        uers
uersum                        uers
uersus                        uers
uertat                        uertat
uertendo                      uertend
uertente                      uertent
uertentes                     uertent
uerterant                     uertera
uerterat                      uerterat
uertere                       uerter
uerterent                     uertere
uerteret                      uerteret
uerterunt                     uerteru
uerti                         uert
uerticem                      uertic
uertisse                      uertiss
uertit                        uertit
uertunt                       uertu
uerum                         uer
ueruto                        uerut
ueste                         uest
uestem                        uest
uestibulis                    uestibul
uestibulo                     uestibul
uestibulum                    uestibul
uestigia                      uestig
uestigiis                     uestigi
uestigio                      uestigi
uestis                        uest
uestiti                       uestit
uestra                        uestr
uestrae                       uestr
uestram                       uestr
uestramque                    uestr
uestraque                     uestr
uestrarum                     uestrar
uestras                       uestr
uestri                        uestr
uestris                       uestr
uestrisque                    uestr
uestro                        uestr
uestroque                     uestr
uestrorum                     uestror
uestros                       uestr
uestrum                       uestr
uetando                       uetand
uetant                        ueta
uetarent                      uetare
uetat                         uetat
uetera                        ueter
ueteranis                     ueteran
uetere                        ueter
ueterem                       ueter
ueteres                       ueter
ueteribus                     ueter
ueteris                       ueter
ueterrimos                    ueterrim
ueterum                       ueter
uetuere                       uetuer
uetus                         uet
uetustate                     uetustat
uetustiora                    uetustior
uetustiores                   uetustior
uexabantur                    uexabantur
uexandam                      uexand
uexandis                      uexand
uexandum                      uexand
uexare                        uexar
uexati                        uexat
uexerant                      uexera
ui                            ui
uia                           uia
uiae                          ui
uiam                          ui
uias                          ui
uiatore                       uiator
uiatorem                      uiator
uiatori                       uiator
uicarium                      uicari
uicem                         uic
uicemque                      uic
uicerant                      uicera
uicere                        uicer
uicesima                      uicesim
uicesimum                     uicesim
uicinae                       uicin
uicinasque                    uicin
uicino                        uicin
uicinum                       uicin
uicissent                     uicisse
uicisset                      uicisset
uicissitudinem                uicissitudin
uicisti                       uicist
uicit                         uicit
uicorum                       uicor
uicos                         uic
uicta                         uict
uictae                        uict
uictam                        uict
uicti                         uict
uictine                       uictin
uictis                        uict
uictisne                      uictisn
uicto                         uict
uictor                        uictor
uictore                       uictor
uictorem                      uictor
uictores                      uictor
uictoresque                   uictor
uictori                       uictor
uictoria                      uictor
uictoriae                     uictori
uictoriam                     uictori
uictoribus                    uictor
uictorque                     uictor
uictos                        uict
uictrice                      uictric
uictrici                      uictric
uictricis                     uictric
uictu                         uict
uictum                        uict
uictuque                      uict
uictura                       uictur
uicturos                      uictur
uicturus                      uictur
uictus                        uict
uicum                         uic
uideant                       uidea
uideatur                      uideatur
uidebamus                     uidebam
uidebant                      uideba
uidebantur                    uidebantur
uidebat                       uidebat
uidebatur                     uidebatur
uidebimur                     uidebimur
uidebuntur                    uidebuntur
uidelicet                     uidelicet
uident                        uide
uidente                       uident
uideo                         uide
uidere                        uider
uiderem                       uider
uiderent                      uidere
uiderentur                    uiderentur
uideret                       uideret
uideretur                     uideretur
uideri                        uider
uiderint                      uideri
uideris                       uider
uiderit                       uiderit
uideritis                     uiderit
uiderunt                      uideru
uidet                         uidet
uidete                        uidet
uidetis                       uidet
uidetur                       uidetur
uidimus                       uidim
uidissent                     uidisse
uidisset                      uidisset
uidit                         uidit
uigemusque                    uigem
uigentes                      uigent
uigilatum                     uigilat
uigilem                       uigil
uigiles                       uigil
uigilia                       uigil
uigiliae                      uigili
uigiliarum                    uigiliar
uigilias                      uigili
uigiliasque                   uigili
uigiliis                      uigili
uiginti                       uigint
uigor                         uigor
uiis                          ui
uile                          uil
uilior                        uilior
uilla                         uill
uillarum                      uillar
uillas                        uill
uillis                        uill
uim                           uim
uimque                        uim
uincam                        uinc
uincebatque                   uincebat
uincebaturque                 uincebatur
uincent                       uince
uincentibus                   uincent
uincere                       uincer
uincerent                     uincere
uinceret                      uinceret
uinci                         uinc
uinciri                       uincir
uincit                        uincit
uincla                        uincl
uincti                        uinct
uinctis                       uinct
uinctos                       uinct
uinctum                       uinct
uincula                       uincul
uinculis                      uincul
uinculorum                    uinculor
uinculum                      uincul
uincuntur                     uincuntur
uindex                        uindex
uindicabat                    uindicabat
uindicanda                    uindicand
uindicandam                   uindicand
uindicantem                   uindicant
uindicare                     uindicar
uindicaret                    uindicaret
uindicari                     uindicar
uindicarique                  uindicar
uindicastis                   uindicast
uindicatur                    uindicatur
uindicaturum                  uindicatur
uindicauerit                  uindicauerit
uindicem                      uindic
uindices                      uindic
uindiciae                     uindici
uindicias                     uindici
uindiciis                     uindici
uindico                       uindic
uindicta                      uindict
uindictae                     uindict
uineaeque                     uine
uineas                        uine
uineis                        uine
uini                          uin
uino                          uin
uinoque                       uin
uinum                         uin
uiolandis                     uioland
uiolando                      uioland
uiolarent                     uiolare
uiolarentur                   uiolarentur
uiolaret                      uiolaret
uiolaretur                    uiolaretur
uiolari                       uiolar
uiolarit                      uiolarit
uiolata                       uiolat
uiolatae                      uiolat
uiolati                       uiolat
uiolatis                      uiolat
uiolato                       uiolat
uiolatoribus                  uiolator
uiolatum                      uiolat
uiolaturi                     uiolatur
uiolatus                      uiolat
uiolatusque                   uiolat
uiolenta                      uiolent
uiolenter                     uiolenter
uiolentia                     uiolent
uiolentiae                    uiolenti
uiolentiam                    uiolenti
uiolentiamque                 uiolenti
uiolentiaque                  uiolent
uiolentior                    uiolentior
uioler                        uioler
uir                           uir
uires                         uir
uirgae                        uirg
uirgas                        uirg
uirgasque                     uirg
uirgine                       uirgin
uirginem                      uirgin
uirgines                      uirgin
uirginesque                   uirgin
uirgini                       uirgin
uirginis                      uirgin
uirginitati                   uirginitat
uirginum                      uirgin
uirgis                        uirg
uirgo                         uirg
uiri                          uir
uiribus                       uir
uiribusque                    uir
uirilem                       uiril
uirili                        uiril
uiris                         uir
uirisque                      uir
uiritim                       uiritim
uirium                        uiri
uiro                          uir
uirorum                       uiror
uiros                         uir
uirosque                      uir
uirtus                        uirt
uirtusque                     uirt
uirtut                        uirtut
uirtute                       uirtut
uirtutem                      uirtut
uirtuti                       uirtut
uirtutis                      uirtut
uirtutisque                   uirtut
uirum                         uir
uis                           uis
uisa                          uis
uisae                         uis
uisas                         uis
uisi                          uis
uisite                        uisit
uisne                         uisn
uisos                         uis
uisque                        uis
uisum                         uis
uisus                         uis
uita                          uit
uitae                         uit
uitam                         uit
uitaque                       uit
uitassem                      uitass
uitauit                       uitauit
uitia                         uit
uitiabanturque                uitiabantur
uitiis                        uiti
uitio                         uiti
uiuae                         uiu
uiuebatur                     uiuebatur
uiuemus                       uiuem
uiuere                        uiuer
uiueret                       uiueret
uiuet                         uiuet
uiui                          uiu
uiuidum                       uiuid
uiuimus                       uiuim
uiuique                       uiu
uiuit                         uiuit
uiuite                        uiuit
uiuitur                       uiuitur
uiuo                          uiu
uiuos                         uiu
uiuosque                      uiu
uix                           uix
uixdum                        uixd
uixi                          uix
uixisse                       uixiss
uixque                        uix
ulciscendae                   ulciscend
ulciscendi                    ulciscend
ulciscentes                   ulciscent
ulcisci                       ulcisc
ulcus                         ulc
ulixe                         ulix
ulixi                         ulix
ulla                          ull
ullam                         ull
ulli                          ull
ullis                         ull
ullius                        ull
ullo                          ull
ullos                         ull
ullum                         ull
ullus                         ull
ulta                          ult
ultas                         ult
ulteriore                     ulterior
ulteriorem                    ulterior
ulteriores                    ulterior
ulterioris                    ulterior
ulterius                      ulter
ulteriusque                   ulter
ulti                          ult
ultima                        ultim
ultimae                       ultim
ultimam                       ultim
ultimaque                     ultim
ultimas                       ultim
ultimi                        ultim
ultimis                       ultim
ultimo                        ultim
ultimum                       ultim
ultimumque                    ultim
ultimus                       ultim
ultor                         ultor
ultores                       ultor
ultoribus                     ultor
ultra                         ultr
ultraque                      ultr
ultro                         ultr
ultroque                      ultr
ultum                         ult
ultus                         ult
ululatus                      ululat
umbone                        umbon
umbra                         umbr
umbram                        umbr
umeris                        umer
umerorum                      umeror
umeros                        umer
umerum                        umer
umerus                        umer
umida                         umid
umor                          umor
umore                         umor
umorem                        umor
umoremque                     umor
umores                        umor
umoribus                      umor
umorique                      umor
umquam                        umqu
umquamne                      umquamn
una                           un
unae                          un
unam                          un
unamquamque                   unamqu
unamque                       un
unaque                        un
unda                          und
undanti                       undant
undas                         und
unde                          und
undecim                       undecim
undecimum                     undecim
undecimumque                  undecim
undeuiginti                   undeuigint
undique                       undique
undis                         und
unguentorum                   unguentor
unguium                       ungui
ungulae                       ungul
uni                           un
unica                         unic
unicam                        unic
unice                         unic
unici                         unic
unico                         unic
unicuique                     unicu
unicum                        unic
uniuersa                      uniuers
uniuersae                     uniuers
uniuersi                      uniuers
uniuersis                     uniuers
uniuerso                      uniuers
uniuersorum                   uniuersor
uniuersos                     uniuers
uniuersus                     uniuers
unius                         un
uniuscuiusque                 uniuscu
uniusque                      un
universa                      uniuers
universae                     uniuers
universam                     uniuers
universarum                   uniuersar
universas                     uniuers
universi                      uniuers
universique                   uniuers
universis                     uniuers
universisque                  uniuers
universitate                  uniuersitat
universitatem                 uniuersitat
universitatemque              uniuersitat
universo                      uniuers
universos                     uniuers
universum                     uniuers
universus                     uniuers
uno                           un
unoque                        un
unoquoque                     unoqu
unquam                        unqu
unum                          un
unumque                       un
unus                          un
unusquisque                   unusqu
uobis                         uob
uobiscum                      uobisc
uocabat                       uocabat
uocabulo                      uocabul
uocandi                       uocand
uocant                        uoca
uocante                       uocant
uocantis                      uocant
uocantium                     uocanti
uocantur                      uocantur
uocare                        uocar
uocarent                      uocare
uocarentur                    uocarentur
uocari                        uocar
uocat                         uocat
uocati                        uocat
uocatis                       uocat
uocato                        uocat
uocatos                       uocat
uocatur                       uocatur
uocatus                       uocat
uocauerant                    uocauera
uocauere                      uocauer
uocauit                       uocauit
uoce                          uoc
uocem                         uoc
uoces                         uoc
uocet                         uocet
uocibus                       uoc
uociferabantur                uociferabantur
uociferans                    uociferans
uociferante                   uociferant
uociferantemque               uociferant
uociferantes                  uociferant
uociferanti                   uociferant
uociferantur                  uociferantur
uociferari                    uociferar
uocis                         uoc
uolentibus                    uolent
uoletis                       uolet
uolgabant                     uolgaba
uolgabat                      uolgabat
uolgari                       uolgar
uolgatam                      uolgat
uolgatis                      uolgat
uolgatum                      uolgat
uolgi                         uolg
uolgo                         uolg
uolgus                        uolg
uolitare                      uolitar
uolneraret                    uolneraret
uolnerati                     uolnerat
uolneratis                    uolnerat
uolnere                       uolner
uolneribus                    uolner
uolnerum                      uolner
uolnus                        uoln
uolo                          uol
uolt                          uolt
uoltis                        uolt
uoltu                         uolt
uoltus                        uolt
uoltusque                     uolt
uoluentium                    uoluenti
uolueretur                    uolueretur
uoluerunt                     uolueru
uolui                         uolu
uoluistis                     uoluist
uoluit                        uoluit
uolumus                       uolum
uolunt                        uolu
uoluntariam                   uoluntari
uoluntariis                   uoluntari
uoluntariorum                 uoluntarior
uoluntarius                   uoluntar
uoluntas                      uolunt
uoluntate                     uoluntat
uoluntatem                    uoluntat
uoluntatis                    uoluntat
uoluptas                      uolupt
uoluptasque                   uolupt
uoluptate                     uoluptat
uoluptatibus                  uoluptat
uos                           uos
uosmet                        uosmet
uosque                        uos
uota                          uot
uoti                          uot
uotis                         uot
uoto                          uot
uotum                         uot
uoueo                         uoue
uouerat                       uouerat
uouisse                       uouiss
uouit                         uouit
uox                           uox
upim                          upim
upis                          up
urbana                        urban
urbanae                       urban
urbanam                       urban
urbani                        urban
urbanis                       urban
urbanitate                    urbanitat
urbano                        urban
urbanorum                     urbanor
urbanos                       urban
urbe                          urb
urbem                         urb
urbemque                      urb
urbes                         urb
urbi                          urb
urbibus                       urb
urbique                       urb
urbis                         urb
urbisque                      urb
urbium                        urbi
urbs                          urbs
urebant                       ureba
uredo                         ured
urgeam                        urge
urgebat                       urgebat
urgemus                       urgem
urgente                       urgent
urgentibus                    urgent
urgere                        urger
urgerent                      urgere
urget                         urget
urgetis                       urget
urguebat                      urguebat
urguet                        urguet
uri                           ur
uritur                        uritur
usae                          us
usi                           us
usibus                        us
usique                        us
usitatas                      usitat
usitatius                     usitat
usitato                       usitat
usos                          us
usquam                        usqu
usque                         usque
ussuros                       ussur
usu                           us
usui                          usu
usum                          us
usurae                        usur
usuras                        usur
usuris                        usur
usurpamus                     usurpam
usurpandi                     usurpand
usurpare                      usurpar
usurparent                    usurpare
usurpasse                     usurpass
usurpatur                     usurpatur
usurpauerint                  usurpaueri
usurum                        usur
usus                          us
ut                            ut
utamur                        utamur
utantur                       utantur
utar                          utar
utare                         utar
utatur                        utatur
utcumque                      utc
utebantur                     utebantur
utebatur                      utebatur
utendum                       utend
utensilia                     utensil
utensilibus                   utensil
utentem                       utent
utentes                       utent
utentibus                     utent
uter                          uter
uterentur                     uterentur
uteretur                      uteretur
utero                         uter
uterque                       uterque
uti                           ut
utica                         utic
uticae                        utic
uticam                        utic
uticenses                     uticens
utile                         util
utilem                        util
utiles                        util
utili                         util
utilia                        util
utilitas                      utilit
utilitate                     utilitat
utilitatem                    utilitat
utilitates                    utilitat
utilitatis                    utilitat
utilitatum                    utilitat
utiliter                      utiliter
utimur                        utimur
utinam                        utin
utique                        utique
utitur                        utitur
utpote                        utpot
utque                         ut
utra                          utr
utraeque                      utr
utramque                      utr
utraque                       utr
utri                          utr
utribus                       utr
utrimque                      utrim
utrique                       utr
utris                         utr
utrisque                      utr
utrius                        utr
utriusque                     utr
utrobique                     utrob
utroque                       utroque
utrorumque                    utror
utrosque                      utr
utrum                         utr
utrumque                      utr
utrumvis                      utrumu
utuntur                       utuntur
uulneratique                  uulnerat
uxor                          uxor
uxore                         uxor
uxorem                        uxor
uxoresque                     uxor
uxori                         uxor
uxoribus                      uxor
uxoris                        uxor
vacabant                      uacaba
vacabat                       uacabat
vacans                        uacans
vacant                        uaca
vacare                        uacar
vacaret                       uacaret
vacatione                     uacation
vaccae                        uacc
vacent                        uace
vacet                         uacet
vacillat                      uacillat
vacuam                        uacu
vacuas                        uacu
vacui                         uacu
vacuum                        uacu
vadentem                      uadent
vades                         uad
vadit                         uadit
vado                          uad
vadosum                       uados
vadum                         uad
vadumque                      uad
vadunt                        uadu
vaferrumus                    uaferrum
vagabantur                    uagabantur
vagam                         uag
vagas                         uag
vagatur                       uagatur
vaginam                       uagin
vagis                         uag
vagitum                       uagit
vagos                         uag
valde                         uald
valeamus                      ualeam
valeat                        ualeat
valebat                       ualebat
valent                        uale
valentis                      ualent
valere                        ualer
valerent                      ualere
valeret                       ualeret
valeri                        ualer
valeriis                      ualeri
valerio                       ualeri
valerios                      ualeri
valerium                      ualeri
valerius                      ualer
valeriusque                   ualer
valet                         ualet
valetudine                    ualetudin
valetudinis                   ualetudin
validi                        ualid
valido                        ualid
valle                         uall
vallem                        uall
valles                        uall
valli                         uall
vallis                        uall
vallium                       ualli
vallo                         uall
valloque                      uall
vallos                        uall
vallum                        uall
vallumque                     uall
vallus                        uall
valuisse                      ualuiss
valuissent                    ualuisse
valuisti                      ualuist
valuit                        ualuit
valvas                        ualu
vana                          uan
vanas                         uan
vane                          uan
vaniora                       uanior
vanique                       uan
vanitas                       uanit
vapor                         uapor
vaporibus                     uapor
vari                          uar
varia                         uar
variae                        uari
variaret                      uariaret
varias                        uari
varie                         uari
varietas                      uariet
varietasque                   uariet
varietate                     uarietat
varietatem                    uarietat
varietatene                   uarietaten
varietates                    uarietat
variis                        uari
vario                         uari
varium                        uari
variumque                     uari
varius                        uar
varo                          uar
varro                         uarr
varrone                       uarron
varronem                      uarron
varroni                       uarron
varronis                      uarron
varum                         uar
varus                         uar
vasa                          uas
vasis                         uas
vasisque                      uas
vasta                         uast
vastae                        uast
vastari                       uastar
vastati                       uastat
vastatique                    uastat
vastauerant                   uastauera
vastauere                     uastauer
vastavit                      uastauit
vastitate                     uastitat
vates                         uat
vaticinationibus              uaticination
vatinio                       uatini
vatinium                      uatini
vatinius                      uatin
vbi                           ub
vecilio                       uecili
vecors                        uecors
vectes                        uect
vectibus                      uect
vectigal                      uectigal
vectigali                     uectigal
vectigalia                    uectigal
vectigaliaque                 uectigal
vectiones                     uection
vectores                      uector
vecturae                      uectur
vecturasque                   uectur
vectus                        uect
vehementer                    uehementer
vehementissime                uehementissim
vehementissimeque             uehementissim
vehementius                   uehement
vehementiusque                uehement
vehendi                       uehend
vehi                          ueh
vehiculo                      uehicul
vehiculum                     uehicul
veiens                        ueiens
veientana                     ueientan
veientanam                    ueientan
veientani                     ueientan
veientano                     ueientan
veientanus                    ueientan
veiente                       ueient
veientem                      ueient
veientes                      ueient
veienti                       ueient
veientibus                    ueient
veientique                    ueient
veientis                      ueient
veientium                     ueienti
veii                          ue
veiique                       ue
veiis                         uei
veiorum                       ueior
veios                         uei
veiosne                       ueiosn
veiosque                      uei
veiovi                        ueiou
vel                           uel
velato                        uelat
velia                         uel
veliam                        ueli
velim                         uelim
velimus                       uelim
velint                        ueli
velis                         uel
velit                         uelit
veliternus                    uelitern
velitis                       uelit
velitras                      uelitr
velitris                      uelitr
velle                         uell
vellei                        uelle
velleio                       uellei
velleius                      uelle
vellem                        uell
vellemus                      uellem
vellent                       uelle
velles                        uell
vellet                        uellet
velut                         uelut
veluti                        uelut
venae                         uen
venam                         uen
venandi                       uenand
venando                       uenand
venas                         uen
venatoremque                  uenator
venatum                       uenat
vendere                       uender
vendidisse                    uendidiss
vendidit                      uendidit
vendito                       uendit
venditum                      uendit
venena                        uenen
venenata                      uenenat
venenatis                     uenenat
veneno                        uenen
venerabilem                   uenerabil
venerabiles                   uenerabil
venerabilior                  uenerabilior
venerabilis                   uenerabil
venerabundusque               uenerabund
veneramur                     ueneramur
venerant                      uenera
venerantes                    uenerant
venerantur                    uenerantur
venerari                      uenerar
venerarique                   uenerar
venerat                       uenerat
venerationem                  ueneration
venere                        uener
venerem                       uener
veneremur                     ueneremur
venerint                      ueneri
veneris                       uener
venerit                       uenerit
venerunt                      ueneru
veneti                        uenet
venetorum                     uenetor
venia                         uen
veniam                        ueni
veniamus                      ueniam
veniant                       uenia
veniaque                      uen
veniat                        ueniat
veniatis                      ueniat
veniatur                      ueniatur
veniebant                     uenieba
venientem                     uenient
venienti                      uenient
venientia                     uenient
venientibus                   uenient
venientium                    uenienti
venimus                       uenim
venio                         ueni
venire                        uenir
venirent                      uenire
veniret                       ueniret
veniri                        uenir
venis                         uen
venisse                       ueniss
venissem                      ueniss
venissent                     uenisse
venisset                      uenisset
venit                         uenit
venitur                       uenitur
veniunt                       ueniu
venti                         uent
ventis                        uent
vento                         uent
ventoque                      uent
ventorum                      uentor
ventorumque                   uentor
ventos                        uent
ventre                        uentr
ventrem                       uentr
ventriculum                   uentricul
ventum                        uent
ventumque                     uent
venturum                      uentur
venturus                      uentur
ventus                        uent
venum                         uen
venundatis                    uenundat
venus                         uen
venustatem                    uenustat
venustatis                    uenustat
venustum                      uenust
vera                          uer
verba                         uerb
verbena                       uerben
verbera                       uerber
verberato                     uerberat
verbi                         uerb
verbis                        uerb
verbisque                     uerb
verborum                      uerbor
verbum                        uerb
vere                          uer
vereamur                      uereamur
vereatur                      uereatur
verebantur                    uerebantur
verecundia                    uerecund
verecundiae                   uerecundi
verecundiam                   uerecundi
verendum                      uerend
verens                        uerens
vereor                        uereor
vererentur                    uererentur
vergebant                     uergeba
vergebat                      uergebat
vergentibus                   uergent
vergilias                     uergili
vergini                       uergin
verginia                      uergin
verginiae                     uergini
verginiam                     uergini
verginiisque                  uergini
verginio                      uergini
verginioque                   uergini
verginium                     uergini
verginiumque                  uergini
verginius                     uergin
verginiusque                  uergin
vergit                        uergit
veri                          uer
veridica                      ueridic
verior                        uerior
veris                         uer
verisimile                    uerisimil
verissimum                    uerissim
verissume                     uerissum
veritas                       uerit
veritate                      ueritat
veritatem                     ueritat
veritatemque                  ueritat
veritatis                     ueritat
veriti                        uerit
veritus                       uerit
veritusque                    uerit
verius                        uer
vernacula                     uernacul
vero                          uer
verona                        ueron
veros                         uer
verrugine                     uerrugin
verruginem                    uerrugin
verruginis                    uerrugin
versa                         uers
versabantur                   uersabantur
versabat                      uersabat
versae                        uers
versam                        uers
versantem                     uersant
versantur                     uersantur
versare                       uersar
versarent                     uersare
versarentur                   uersarentur
versaretur                    uersaretur
versari                       uersar
versas                        uers
versat                        uersat
versatur                      uersatur
versetur                      uersetur
versi                         uers
versu                         uers
versum                        uers
versus                        uers
versuta                       uersut
versutos                      uersut
versutus                      uersut
vertat                        uertat
vertenti                      uertent
vertere                       uerter
verteret                      uerteret
verterunt                     uerteru
vertex                        uertex
verti                         uert
verticem                      uertic
vertices                      uertic
vertique                      uert
vertisse                      uertiss
vertisset                     uertisset
vertit                        uertit
vertite                       uertit
vertitur                      uertitur
vertunt                       uertu
vertuntur                     uertuntur
verum                         uer
verutum                       uerut
vescamur                      uescamur
vescatur                      uescatur
vescendum                     uescend
vescerentur                   uescerentur
vesci                         uesc
vescimur                      uescimur
vescuntur                     uescuntur
vespere                       uesper
vesperi                       uesper
vespertinis                   uespertin
vesperum                      uesper
vespillo                      uespill
vesta                         uest
vestae                        uest
vestalem                      uestal
vestales                      uestal
vestalibus                    uestal
vestalis                      uestal
vestam                        uest
veste                         uest
vestem                        uest
vester                        uester
vestiantur                    uestiantur
vestigia                      uestig
vestigiis                     uestigi
vestigio                      uestigi
vestigium                     uestigi
vestimentis                   uestiment
vestimentum                   uestiment
vestita                       uestit
vestitae                      uestit
vestiti                       uestit
vestito                       uestit
vestitu                       uestit
vestitus                      uestit
vestitusque                   uestit
vestivit                      uestiuit
vestra                        uestr
vestrae                       uestr
vestraeque                    uestr
vestram                       uestr
vestras                       uestr
vestri                        uestr
vestris                       uestr
vestro                        uestr
vestrorum                     uestror
vestros                       uestr
vestrum                       uestr
vestrumque                    uestr
vetant                        ueta
veteliam                      ueteli
vetera                        ueter
veterana                      ueteran
veteranae                     ueteran
veteranam                     ueteran
veteranarum                   ueteranar
veterani                      ueteran
veteranis                     ueteran
veteranos                     ueteran
vetere                        ueter
veterem                       ueter
veteremque                    ueter
veteres                       ueter
veteribus                     ueter
veteris                       ueter
veterrima                     ueterrim
veterrimi                     ueterrim
veterum                       ueter
veto                          uet
vettius                       uett
vettones                      uetton
vettonum                      uetton
vetuisse                      uetuiss
vetuit                        uetuit
veturia                       uetur
veturiam                      ueturi
veturio                       ueturi
veturium                      ueturi
veturius                      uetur
vetus                         uet
vetusi                        uetus
vetusius                      uetus
vetustate                     uetustat
vetustati                     uetustat
vetustatis                    uetustat
vetusti                       uetust
vetustior                     uetustior
vetusto                       uetust
vetustum                      uetust
vexandam                      uexand
vexandum                      uexand
vexarent                      uexare
vexaret                       uexaret
vexari                        uexar
vexarit                       uexarit
vexat                         uexat
vexationes                    uexation
vexatus                       uexat
vexillo                       uexill
vexit                         uexit
vi                            ui
via                           uia
viae                          ui
viam                          ui
viarum                        uiar
vias                          ui
vibius                        uib
vibonem                       uibon
vibulano                      uibulan
vibulanum                     uibulan
vibulanus                     uibulan
vibulli                       uibull
vibullil                      uibullil
vibullium                     uibulli
vibullius                     uibull
vicae                         uic
vice                          uic
vicem                         uic
vicere                        uicer
vicerimus                     uicerim
vicerunt                      uiceru
vicesimo                      uicesim
vicimus                       uicim
vicina                        uicin
vicinae                       uicin
vicinas                       uicin
vicinitatem                   uicinitat
vicinosque                    uicin
vicinum                       uicin
vicinus                       uicin
vicis                         uic
vicisse                       uiciss
vicissent                     uicisse
vicisset                      uicisset
vicissim                      uicissim
vicissitudine                 uicissitudin
vicissitudines                uicissitudin
vicissitudinesque             uicissitudin
vicissitudinibus              uicissitudin
vicissitudo                   uicissitud
vicit                         uicit
vicos                         uic
victae                        uict
victamne                      uictamn
victi                         uict
victimae                      uictim
victimam                      uictim
victique                      uict
victis                        uict
victo                         uict
victor                        uictor
victore                       uictor
victorem                      uictor
victores                      uictor
victoresque                   uictor
victori                       uictor
victoria                      uictor
victoriae                     uictori
victoriam                     uictori
victoriolas                   uictoriol
victoris                      uictor
victos                        uict
victrix                       uictrix
victum                        uict
victuros                      uictur
victus                        uict
victusque                     uict
vicum                         uic
vicus                         uic
vide                          uid
videamini                     uideamin
videamus                      uideam
videant                       uidea
videantur                     uideantur
videare                       uidear
videas                        uide
videat                        uideat
videatur                      uideatur
videbamur                     uidebamur
videbant                      uideba
videbantur                    uidebantur
videbas                       uideb
videbat                       uidebat
videbatur                     uidebatur
videbaturque                  uidebatur
videbimus                     uidebim
videbis                       uideb
videbit                       uidebit
videbitur                     uidebitur
videbor                       uidebor
videlicet                     uidelicet
videmini                      uidemin
videmus                       uidem
viden                         uiden
videndae                      uidend
vident                        uide
videntur                      uidentur
video                         uide
videor                        uideor
viderant                      uidera
videre                        uider
videremus                     uiderem
viderent                      uidere
viderentur                    uiderentur
videret                       uideret
videretis                     uideret
videretur                     uideretur
videri                        uider
videris                       uider
viderit                       uiderit
videritis                     uiderit
viderunt                      uideru
vides                         uid
videsne                       uidesn
videt                         uidet
videte                        uidet
videtis                       uidet
videtisne                     uidetisn
videtur                       uidetur
videturne                     uideturn
vidi                          uid
vidimus                       uidim
vidisse                       uidiss
vidissent                     uidisse
vidisses                      uidiss
vidisset                      uidisset
vidisti                       uidist
vidistis                      uidist
vidit                         uidit
viduae                        uidu
viduam                        uidu
vigent                        uige
vigere                        uiger
viget                         uiget
vigilanti                     uigilant
vigilantibus                  uigilant
vigiles                       uigil
vigilia                       uigil
vigiliasque                   uigili
vigiliis                      uigili
viginti                       uigint
vigor                         uigor
viguit                        uiguit
vii                           uii
viii                          ui
viiii                         uii
viis                          ui
villam                        uill
villarum                      uillar
villis                        uill
villius                       uill
vim                           uim
vimina                        uimin
viminalem                     uiminal
viminalemque                  uiminal
viminea                       uimine
viminibus                     uimin
vincamur                      uincamur
vincebant                     uinceba
vinci                         uinc
vincit                        uincit
vincla                        uincl
vinclis                       uincl
vincta                        uinct
vinctum                       uinct
vinctus                       uinct
vincula                       uincul
vinculo                       uincul
vindicandam                   uindicand
vindicant                     uindica
vindicaret                    uindicaret
vindicassent                  uindicasse
vindicati                     uindicat
vindicatis                    uindicat
vindicem                      uindic
vindicent                     uindice
vindices                      uindic
vindicio                      uindici
vineae                        uine
vinearum                      uinear
vineas                        uine
vineasque                     uine
vineis                        uine
vineta                        uinet
vinetis                       uinet
vinum                         uin
violandisque                  uioland
violare                       uiolar
violaret                      uiolaret
violaretur                    uiolaretur
violari                       uiolar
violata                       uiolat
violati                       uiolat
violatis                      uiolat
violatorque                   uiolator
violatum                      uiolat
violaturosque                 uiolatur
violenta                      uiolent
violentia                     uiolent
violentissimas                uiolentissim
vir                           uir
vires                         uir
viresque                      uir
virginem                      uirgin
virgines                      uirgin
virginesque                   uirgin
virgini                       uirgin
virginis                      uirgin
virginitate                   uirginitat
virginitatem                  uirginitat
virginum                      uirgin
virgo                         uirg
virgulta                      uirgult
viri                          uir
viribus                       uir
viridissimos                  uiridissim
virilem                       uiril
virili                        uiril
virilis                       uiril
virique                       uir
viris                         uir
viritim                       uiritim
virium                        uiri
viro                          uir
virorum                       uiror
virorumue                     uirorumu
viros                         uir
virtus                        uirt
virtusque                     uirt
virtute                       uirtut
virtutem                      uirtut
virtutemque                   uirtut
virtutes                      uirtut
virtuti                       uirtut
virtutibus                    uirtut
virtutis                      uirtut
virum                         uir
vis                           uis
visa                          uis
visae                         uis
visam                         uis
visceribus                    uiscer
viscerum                      uiscer
visco                         uisc
visendi                       uisend
visendum                      uisend
visi                          uis
visionem                      uision
visionum                      uision
visis                         uis
visisque                      uis
viso                          uis
visos                         uis
visque                        uis
visu                          uis
visum                         uis
visuram                       uisur
visuri                        uisur
visuros                       uisur
visurum                       uisur
visus                         uis
vita                          uit
vitabant                      uitaba
vitae                         uit
vitalem                       uital
vitalis                       uital
vitam                         uit
vitanda                       uitand
vitandae                      uitand
vitaque                       uit
vitare                        uitar
vitarent                      uitare
vitasse                       uitass
vitavere                      uitauer
vitavit                       uitauit
vite                          uit
vitelliam                     uitelli
vitelliis                     uitelli
vitelliorum                   uitellior
vitellios                     uitelli
vitelliosque                  uitelli
vites                         uit
vitet                         uitet
vitia                         uit
vitibus                       uit
viticulas                     uiticul
vitii                         uit
vitiis                        uiti
vitio                         uiti
vitiorum                      uitior
vitiosarum                    uitiosar
vitiosi                       uitios
vitis                         uit
vitium                        uiti
vituperabas                   uituperab
vituperatores                 uituperator
vivae                         uiu
vivatis                       uiuat
vivendum                      uiuend
viventes                      uiuent
vivere                        uiuer
viverent                      uiuere
viveret                       uiueret
viveretis                     uiueret
vivet                         uiuet
vivi                          uiu
vivis                         uiu
vivit                         uiuit
vivo                          uiu
vivum                         uiu
vivunt                        uiuu
vivus                         uiu
vix                           uix
vixeris                       uixer
vldeatur                      uldeatur
vlixe                         ulix
vltimum                       ultim
vmbros                        umbr
vna                           un
vnam                          un
vnde                          und
vnius                         un
vniversi                      uniuers
vnum                          un
vnus                          un
vobis                         uob
vobiscum                      uobisc
vobisque                      uob
vocabantur                    uocabantur
vocabula                      uocabul
vocabulis                     uocabul
vocabulorum                   uocabulor
vocamus                       uocam
vocant                        uoca
vocantem                      uocant
vocantibus                    uocant
vocantur                      uocantur
vocare                        uocar
vocaretur                     uocaretur
vocari                        uocar
vocarunt                      uocaru
vocat                         uocat
vocatae                       uocat
vocatam                       uocat
vocataque                     uocat
vocati                        uocat
vocatis                       uocat
vocato                        uocat
vocatque                      uocat
vocatum                       uocat
vocatur                       uocatur
vocatus                       uocat
vocaverant                    uocauera
voce                          uoc
vocem                         uoc
vocent                        uoce
voces                         uoc
vocesque                      uoc
vocet                         uocet
vocibus                       uoc
vociferante                   uociferant
vociferantem                  uociferant
vociferari                    uociferar
vociferati                    uociferat
vociferationem                uociferation
vociferatus                   uociferat
vocis                         uoc
vocitant                      uocita
vocitare                      uocitar
vocitatus                     uocitat
vocum                         uoc
volando                       uoland
volantia                      uolant
volantibus                    uolant
volatus                       uolat
volcani                       uolcan
volcaniae                     uolcani
volcano                       uolcan
volcanum                      uolcan
volcanus                      uolcan
volcarum                      uolcar
volcatius                     uolcat
volebant                      uoleba
volebat                       uolebat
volebatis                     uolebat
volens                        uolens
volentibus                    uolent
volero                        uoler
voleronem                     uoleron
volerones                     uoleron
voleronis                     uoleron
voles                         uol
volesi                        uoles
volet                         uolet
volgare                       uolgar
volgari                       uolgar
volgatae                      uolgat
volgatior                     uolgatior
volgatique                    uolgat
volgato                       uolgat
volgatur                      uolgatur
volgentur                     uolgentur
volgi                         uolg
volgo                         uolg
volgus                        uolg
volitans                      uolitans
volitantem                    uolitant
volitat                       uolitat
volnera                       uolner
volneratis                    uolnerat
volneratus                    uolnerat
volnerauerat                  uolnerauerat
volnere                       uolner
volneri                       uolner
volneribus                    uolner
volnerum                      uolner
volnus                        uoln
volo                          uol
volscae                       uolsc
volsci                        uolsc
volscio                       uolsci
volscique                     uolsc
volscis                       uolsc
volscisque                    uolsc
volsciue                      uolsciu
volscius                      uolsc
volsco                        uolsc
volscoque                     uolsc
volscorum                     uolscor
volscorumque                  uolscor
volscos                       uolsc
volscosque                    uolsc
volscum                       uolsc
volscus                       uolsc
volsinienses                  uolsiniens
volsiniensi                   uolsiniens
volsiniensibus                uolsiniens
volt                          uolt
voltis                        uolt
voltumnae                     uoltumn
voltures                      uoltur
volturnum                     uolturn
volubilem                     uolubil
volubilis                     uolubil
volubilitas                   uolubilit
volucris                      uolucr
volucrium                     uolucri
voluentem                     uoluent
voluentes                     uoluent
voluerint                     uolueri
voluerit                      uoluerit
voluerunt                     uolueru
volui                         uolu
voluisse                      uoluiss
voluissem                     uoluiss
voluissent                    uoluisse
voluisset                     uoluisset
voluisti                      uoluist
voluit                        uoluit
volumine                      uolumin
voluminibus                   uolumin
volumnia                      uolumn
volumniamque                  uolumni
volumnius                     uolumn
volumus                       uolum
volunt                        uolu
voluntariam                   uoluntari
voluntarii                    uoluntar
voluntariis                   uoluntari
voluntarios                   uoluntari
voluntarium                   uoluntari
voluntarius                   uoluntar
voluntas                      uolunt
voluntasque                   uolunt
voluntate                     uoluntat
voluntatem                    uoluntat
voluntates                    uoluntat
voluntati                     uoluntat
voluntatibus                  uoluntat
voluntatis                    uoluntat
voluptas                      uolupt
voluptate                     uoluptat
voluptatem                    uoluptat
voluptates                    uoluptat
voluptatibus                  uoluptat
voluptatis                    uoluptat
voluptatum                    uoluptat
volusenum                     uolusen
volvier                       uoluier
volvit                        uoluit
volvitur                      uoluitur
volvuntur                     uoluuntur
vomicam                       uomic
vomitione                     uomition
vopiscum                      uopisc
vorant                        uora
vos                           uos
vosne                         uosn
vosque                        uos
vota                          uot
votis                         uot
votum                         uot
vovent                        uoue
voveo                         uoue
voverat                       uouerat
vovisse                       uouiss
vovit                         uouit
vox                           uox
vrbem                         urb
vrbi                          urb
vrbium                        urbi
vt                            ut
vtente                        utent
vterque                       uterque
vtraque                       utr
vtrimque                      utrim
vtroque                       utroque
vtrum                         utr
vuigo                         uuig
vulcanum                      uulcan
vulgi                         uulg
vulgo                         uulg
vulgus                        uulg
vulnera                       uulner
vulnerabantur                 uulnerabantur
vulnerantur                   uulnerantur
vulneraretur                  uulneraretur
vulnerari                     uulnerar
vulneratis                    uulnerat
vulnere                       uulner
vulneribus                    uulner
vulnerum                      uulner
vulpeculasque                 uulpecul
vult                          uult
vultis                        uult
vultus                        uult
vxor                          uxor
x                             x
xenocraten                    xenocraten
xenocrates                    xenocrat
xenophanes                    xenophan
xenophon                      xenophon
xenophontem                   xenophont
xerses                        xers
xi                            xi
xii                           xii
xiii                          xi
xiiii                         xii
xl                            xl
xlv                           xl
xv                            xu
xvi                           xu
xvii                          xu
xviii                         xui
xx                            xx
xxii                          xx
xxiiii                        xxii
xxvii                         xxu
xxx                           xxx
xxxii                         xxx
xxxiii                        xxxi
xxxv                          xxx
zeno                          zen
zenon                         zenon
zenone                        zenon
zenonem                       zenon
zenonis                       zenon
zenonisque                    zenon
